

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjGetLoadPoint Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the point load assignments to frame objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetLoadPoint(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] FrameName,
    	ref string[] LoadPat,
    	ref int[] MyType,
    	ref string[] CSys,
    	ref int[] Dir,
    	ref double[] RelDist,
    	ref double[] Dist,
    	ref double[] Val,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function GetLoadPoint ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef FrameName As String(),
    	ByRef LoadPat As String(),
    	ByRef MyType As Integer(),
    	ByRef CSys As String(),
    	ByRef Dir As Integer(),
    	ByRef RelDist As Double(),
    	ByRef Dist As Double(),
    	ByRef Val As Double(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim FrameName As String()
    Dim LoadPat As String()
    Dim MyType As Integer()
    Dim CSys As String()
    Dim Dir As Integer()
    Dim RelDist As Double()
    Dim Dist As Double()
    Dim Val As Double()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetLoadPoint(Name, 
    	NumberItems, FrameName, LoadPat, 
    	MyType, CSys, Dir, RelDist, Dist, Val, 
    	ItemType)
    
    
    int GetLoadPoint(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% FrameName, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadPat, 
    	array<int>^% MyType, 
    	array<String^>^% CSys, 
    	array<int>^% Dir, 
    	array<double>^% RelDist, 
    	array<double>^% Dist, 
    	array<double>^% Val, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract GetLoadPoint : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int byref * 
            FrameName : string[] byref * 
            LoadPat : string[] byref * 
            MyType : int[] byref * 
            CSys : string[] byref * 
            Dir : int[] byref * 
            RelDist : float[] byref * 
            Dist : float[] byref * 
            Val : float[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of point loads retrieved for the specified frame objects.

FrameName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the frame object associated with
each point load.

LoadPat

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the load pattern associated with
each point load.

MyType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes 1 or 2, indicating the type of point load.

  1. Force
  2. Moment

CSys

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the coordinate system in which each
point load is defined. It may be Local or the name of a defined coordinate
system.

Dir

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an integer between 1 and 11, indicating the direction of the load.

  1. Local 1 axis (only applies when CSys is Local)
  2. Local 2 axis (only applies when CSys is Local)
  3. Local 3 axis (only applies when CSys is Local)
  4. X direction (does not apply when CSys is Local)
  5. Y direction (does not apply when CSys is Local)
  6. Z direction (does not apply when CSys is Local)
  7. Not used - Projected X direction (does not apply when CSys is Local)
  8. Not used - Projected Y direction (does not apply when CSys is Local)
  9. Not used - Projected Z direction (does not apply when CSys is Local)
  10. Gravity direction (only applies when CSys is Global)
  11. Not used - Projected Gravity direction (only applies when CSys is Global)

The positive gravity direction (see Dir = 10 and 11) is in the negative Global
Z direction.

RelDist

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the relative distance from the I-End of the
frame object to the location where the point load is applied.

Dist

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the actual distance from the I-End of the frame
object to the location where the point load is applied. [L]

Val

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the value of the point load. [F] when MyType is
1 and [FL] when MyType is 2

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for all frame objects in the group specified by the
Name item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignments are retrieved for all selected frame objects and the Name item
is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the load assignments are successfully retrieved, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberItems As Integer
       Dim FrameName() As String
       Dim LoadPat() As String
       Dim MyType() As Integer
       Dim CSys() As String
       Dim Dir() As Integer
       Dim RelDist() As Double
       Dim Dist() As Double
       Dim Val() As Double
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'assign frame point loads
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetLoadPoint("14", "DEAD", 1, 10, .5, 20)
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetLoadPoint("15", "DEAD", 1, 10, .5, 20)
    
    'get frame point loads
      ret = SapModel.FrameObj.GetLoadPoint("ALL", NumberItems, FrameName, LoadPat, MyType, CSys, Dir, RelDist, Dist, Val, Group)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

