

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsPanelZoneForce Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the panel zone (link) forces at the point elements at the ends of the
specified panel zone (link) elements

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int PanelZoneForce(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] Elm,
    	ref string[] PointElm,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] P,
    	ref double[] V2,
    	ref double[] V3,
    	ref double[] T,
    	ref double[] M2,
    	ref double[] M3
    )
    
    
    Function PanelZoneForce ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef Elm As String(),
    	ByRef PointElm As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef P As Double(),
    	ByRef V2 As Double(),
    	ByRef V3 As Double(),
    	ByRef T As Double(),
    	ByRef M2 As Double(),
    	ByRef M3 As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim Elm As String()
    Dim PointElm As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim P As Double()
    Dim V2 As Double()
    Dim V3 As Double()
    Dim T As Double()
    Dim M2 As Double()
    Dim M3 As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.PanelZoneForce(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, Elm, 
    	PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, 
    	P, V2, V3, T, M2, M3)
    
    
    int PanelZoneForce(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% Elm, 
    	array<String^>^% PointElm, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% P, 
    	array<double>^% V2, 
    	array<double>^% V3, 
    	array<double>^% T, 
    	array<double>^% M2, 
    	array<double>^% M3
    )
    
    
    abstract PanelZoneForce : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            Elm : string[] byref * 
            PointElm : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            P : float[] byref * 
            V2 : float[] byref * 
            V3 : float[] byref * 
            T : float[] byref * 
            M2 : float[] byref * 
            M3 : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing point object, point element, or group of objects
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item.

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the panel zone (link) element corresponding to the panel
zone assignment to the point object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the panel zone (link) element specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all panel zone (link) elements directly or indirectly
specified in the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all panel zone (link) elements directly or indirectly
selected and the Name item is ignored.

For [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) and
[SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) a panel zone (link)
element may be indirectly specified through point objects that have panel zone
assignments.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program.

Elm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) element name associated
with each result.

PointElm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the point element name associated with each
result.

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result.

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result.

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result.

P

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) axial force (in the link
local 1-axis direction) at the specified point element. [F]

V2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) shear force component in
the link element local 2-axis direction. [F]

V3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) shear force component in
the link element local 3-axis direction. [F]

T

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) torsion (about the link
local 1-axis) at the specified point element. [FL]

M2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) moment component about
the link element local 2-axis. [F]

M3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the panel zone (link) moment component about
the link element local 3-axis. [F]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the forces are successfully recovered, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
    
       'dimension variables
       Dim SapObject as cOAPI
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberResults As Integer
       Dim Elm() As String
       Dim PointElm() As String
       Dim LoadCase() As String
       Dim StepType() As String
       Dim StepNum() As Double
       Dim P() As Double
       Dim V2() As Double
       Dim V3() As Double
       Dim T() As Double
       Dim M2() As Double
       Dim M3() As Double    
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'assign panel zone to point object "3"
           ret = SapModel.PointObj.SetPanelZone("3", 1, 2, 0, 0, "", 0, 0, 0)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("MODAL")
    
       'get panel zone force for point object "3"
           ret = SapModel.Results.PanelZoneForce("3", eItemTypeElm.ObjectElm, NumberResults, Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, P, V2, V3, T, M2, M3)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

