

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPointObjAddCartesian Method  
  
---  
  
Adds a point object to a model. The added point object will be tagged as a
Special Point except if it was merged with another point object. Special
points are allowed to exist in the model with no objects connected to them.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AddCartesian(
    	double X,
    	double Y,
    	double Z,
    	ref string Name,
    	string UserName = "",
    	string CSys = "Global",
    	bool MergeOff = false,
    	int MergeNumber = 0
    )
    
    
    Function AddCartesian ( 
    	X As Double,
    	Y As Double,
    	Z As Double,
    	ByRef Name As String,
    	Optional UserName As String = "",
    	Optional CSys As String = "Global",
    	Optional MergeOff As Boolean = false,
    	Optional MergeNumber As Integer = 0
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPointObj
    Dim X As Double
    Dim Y As Double
    Dim Z As Double
    Dim Name As String
    Dim UserName As String
    Dim CSys As String
    Dim MergeOff As Boolean
    Dim MergeNumber As Integer
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AddCartesian(X, 
    	Y, Z, Name, UserName, CSys, MergeOff, 
    	MergeNumber)
    
    
    int AddCartesian(
    	double X, 
    	double Y, 
    	double Z, 
    	String^% Name, 
    	String^ UserName = L"", 
    	String^ CSys = L"Global", 
    	bool MergeOff = false, 
    	int MergeNumber = 0
    )
    
    
    abstract AddCartesian : 
            X : float * 
            Y : float * 
            Z : float * 
            Name : string byref * 
            ?UserName : string * 
            ?CSys : string * 
            ?MergeOff : bool * 
            ?MergeNumber : int 
    (* Defaults:
            let _UserName = defaultArg UserName ""
            let _CSys = defaultArg CSys "Global"
            let _MergeOff = defaultArg MergeOff false
            let _MergeNumber = defaultArg MergeNumber 0
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

X

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The X-coordinate of the added point object in the specified coordinate system.
[L]

Y

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Y-coordinate of the added point object in the specified coordinate system.
[L]

Z

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Z-coordinate of the added point object in the specified coordinate system.
[L]

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is the name that the program ultimately assigns for the point object. If
no userName is specified, the program assigns a default name to the point
object. If a userName is specified and that name is not used for another
point, the userName is assigned to the point; otherwise a default name is
assigned to the point.

If a point is merged with another point, this will be the name of the point
object with which it was merged.

UserName (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an optional user specified name for the point object. If a UserName is
specified and that name is already used for another point object, the program
ignores the UserName.

CSys (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the coordinate system in which the joint coordinates are defined.

MergeOff (Optional)

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is False, a new point object that is added at the same location
as an existing point object will be merged with the existing point object
(assuming the two point objects have the same MergeNumber) and thus only one
point object will exist at the location.

If this item is True, the points will not merge and two point objects will
exist at the same location.

MergeNumber (Optional)

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Two points objects in the same location will merge only if their merge number
assignments are the same. By default all pointobjects have a merge number of
zero.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the point object is successfully added or merged, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
        Dim SapModel As cSapModel
        Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
        Dim ret As Integer = -1
        Dim x As Double, y As Double, z As Double
        Dim Name As String
        Dim MyName As String
    
    'create ETABS object
        Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
        EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
        ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
        SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
        ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
        ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'add point object to model
        x = 12
        y = 37
        z = 0
        MyName = "A1"
        ret = SapModel.PointObj.AddCartesian(x, y, z, Name, MyName)
    
    'close ETABS
        EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPointObj Interface](07661691-ffa8-f77b-7580-1973c7be1978.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

