

CSI API ETABS v1

# cCaseModalHistoryNonlinearGetLoads Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the load data for the specified load case

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetLoads(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberLoads,
    	ref string[] LoadType,
    	ref string[] LoadName,
    	ref string[] Func,
    	ref double[] SF,
    	ref double[] Tf,
    	ref double[] At,
    	ref string[] CSys,
    	ref double[] Ang
    )
    
    
    Function GetLoads ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberLoads As Integer,
    	ByRef LoadType As String(),
    	ByRef LoadName As String(),
    	ByRef Func As String(),
    	ByRef SF As Double(),
    	ByRef Tf As Double(),
    	ByRef At As Double(),
    	ByRef CSys As String(),
    	ByRef Ang As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cCaseModalHistoryNonlinear
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberLoads As Integer
    Dim LoadType As String()
    Dim LoadName As String()
    Dim Func As String()
    Dim SF As Double()
    Dim Tf As Double()
    Dim At As Double()
    Dim CSys As String()
    Dim Ang As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetLoads(Name, 
    	NumberLoads, LoadType, LoadName, 
    	Func, SF, Tf, At, CSys, Ang)
    
    
    int GetLoads(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberLoads, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadType, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadName, 
    	array<String^>^% Func, 
    	array<double>^% SF, 
    	array<double>^% Tf, 
    	array<double>^% At, 
    	array<String^>^% CSys, 
    	array<double>^% Ang
    )
    
    
    abstract GetLoads : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberLoads : int byref * 
            LoadType : string[] byref * 
            LoadName : string[] byref * 
            Func : string[] byref * 
            SF : float[] byref * 
            Tf : float[] byref * 
            At : float[] byref * 
            CSys : string[] byref * 
            Ang : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing nonlinear modal history analysis case

NumberLoads

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of loads assigned to the specified analysis case

LoadType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes Load or Accel, indicating the type of each load
assigned to the load case

LoadName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of each load assigned to the load
case.

If the LoadType item is Load, this item is the name of a defined load pattern.

If the LoadType item is Accel, this item is U1, U2, U3, R1, R2 or R3,
indicating the direction of the load.

Func

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the time history function
associated with each load

SF

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the scale factor of each load assigned to the
load case. [L/s2] for U1 U2 and U3; otherwise unitless

Tf

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the time scale factor of each load assigned to
the load case

At

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the arrival time of each load assigned to the
load case

CSys

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the coordinate system associated
with each load. If this item is a blank string, the Global coordinate system
is assumed.

This item applies only when the LoadType item is Accel.

Ang

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the angle between the acceleration local 1 axis
and the +X-axis of the coordinate system specified by the CSys item. The
rotation is about the Z-axis of the specified coordinate system. [deg]

This item applies only when the LoadType item is Accel.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cCaseModalHistoryNonlinear
Interface](b51a1358-051c-8c42-1694-daa3f7d6bc25.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

