

CSI API ETABS v1

# cLinkObjSetGroupAssign Method  
  
---  
  
Adds/removes link objects to/from a specified group.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetGroupAssign(
    	string Name,
    	string GroupName,
    	bool Remove = false,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetGroupAssign ( 
    	Name As String,
    	GroupName As String,
    	Optional Remove As Boolean = false,
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cLinkObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim GroupName As String
    Dim Remove As Boolean
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetGroupAssign(Name, 
    	GroupName, Remove, ItemType)
    
    
    int SetGroupAssign(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ GroupName, 
    	bool Remove = false, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetGroupAssign : 
            Name : string * 
            GroupName : string * 
            ?Remove : bool * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Remove = defaultArg Remove false
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing link object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

GroupName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing group to which the assignment is made.

Remove (Optional)

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is False, the specified link objects are added to the group
specified by the GroupName item. If it is True, the link objects are removed
from the group.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the link
object specified by the Name item is added/removed to/from the group specified
by the GroupName item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the link
objects in the group specified by the Name item is added/removed to/from the
group specified by the GroupName item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
all selected link objects are added/removed to/from the group specified by the
GroupName item, and the Name item is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the group assignment is successful; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim Name As String
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'add link object by points
           ret = SapModel.LinkObj.AddByPoint("1", "5", Name)
    
       'define new group
           ret = SapModel.GroupDef.SetGroup("Group1")
    
       'add link object to group
           ret = SapModel.LinkObj.SetGroupAssign(Name, "Group1")
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cLinkObj Interface](de8a4ec7-1e74-f9b5-385e-f8c0db74b8f6.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

