

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsAreaStressShell Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the area stresses for the specified area elements that are assigned
shell section properties. Stresses are reported at each point element
associated with the area element

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AreaStressShell(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] Obj,
    	ref string[] Elm,
    	ref string[] PointElm,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] S11Top,
    	ref double[] S22Top,
    	ref double[] S12Top,
    	ref double[] SMaxTop,
    	ref double[] SMinTop,
    	ref double[] SAngleTop,
    	ref double[] SVMTop,
    	ref double[] S11Bot,
    	ref double[] S22Bot,
    	ref double[] S12Bot,
    	ref double[] SMaxBot,
    	ref double[] SMinBot,
    	ref double[] SAngleBot,
    	ref double[] SVMBot,
    	ref double[] S13Avg,
    	ref double[] S23Avg,
    	ref double[] SMaxAvg,
    	ref double[] SAngleAvg
    )
    
    
    Function AreaStressShell ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef Obj As String(),
    	ByRef Elm As String(),
    	ByRef PointElm As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef S11Top As Double(),
    	ByRef S22Top As Double(),
    	ByRef S12Top As Double(),
    	ByRef SMaxTop As Double(),
    	ByRef SMinTop As Double(),
    	ByRef SAngleTop As Double(),
    	ByRef SVMTop As Double(),
    	ByRef S11Bot As Double(),
    	ByRef S22Bot As Double(),
    	ByRef S12Bot As Double(),
    	ByRef SMaxBot As Double(),
    	ByRef SMinBot As Double(),
    	ByRef SAngleBot As Double(),
    	ByRef SVMBot As Double(),
    	ByRef S13Avg As Double(),
    	ByRef S23Avg As Double(),
    	ByRef SMaxAvg As Double(),
    	ByRef SAngleAvg As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim Obj As String()
    Dim Elm As String()
    Dim PointElm As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim S11Top As Double()
    Dim S22Top As Double()
    Dim S12Top As Double()
    Dim SMaxTop As Double()
    Dim SMinTop As Double()
    Dim SAngleTop As Double()
    Dim SVMTop As Double()
    Dim S11Bot As Double()
    Dim S22Bot As Double()
    Dim S12Bot As Double()
    Dim SMaxBot As Double()
    Dim SMinBot As Double()
    Dim SAngleBot As Double()
    Dim SVMBot As Double()
    Dim S13Avg As Double()
    Dim S23Avg As Double()
    Dim SMaxAvg As Double()
    Dim SAngleAvg As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AreaStressShell(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, Obj, 
    	Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, 
    	StepNum, S11Top, S22Top, S12Top, SMaxTop, 
    	SMinTop, SAngleTop, SVMTop, S11Bot, 
    	S22Bot, S12Bot, SMaxBot, SMinBot, 
    	SAngleBot, SVMBot, S13Avg, S23Avg, 
    	SMaxAvg, SAngleAvg)
    
    
    int AreaStressShell(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% Obj, 
    	array<String^>^% Elm, 
    	array<String^>^% PointElm, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% S11Top, 
    	array<double>^% S22Top, 
    	array<double>^% S12Top, 
    	array<double>^% SMaxTop, 
    	array<double>^% SMinTop, 
    	array<double>^% SAngleTop, 
    	array<double>^% SVMTop, 
    	array<double>^% S11Bot, 
    	array<double>^% S22Bot, 
    	array<double>^% S12Bot, 
    	array<double>^% SMaxBot, 
    	array<double>^% SMinBot, 
    	array<double>^% SAngleBot, 
    	array<double>^% SVMBot, 
    	array<double>^% S13Avg, 
    	array<double>^% S23Avg, 
    	array<double>^% SMaxAvg, 
    	array<double>^% SAngleAvg
    )
    
    
    abstract AreaStressShell : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            Obj : string[] byref * 
            Elm : string[] byref * 
            PointElm : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            S11Top : float[] byref * 
            S22Top : float[] byref * 
            S12Top : float[] byref * 
            SMaxTop : float[] byref * 
            SMinTop : float[] byref * 
            SAngleTop : float[] byref * 
            SVMTop : float[] byref * 
            S11Bot : float[] byref * 
            S22Bot : float[] byref * 
            S12Bot : float[] byref * 
            SMaxBot : float[] byref * 
            SMinBot : float[] byref * 
            SAngleBot : float[] byref * 
            SVMBot : float[] byref * 
            S13Avg : float[] byref * 
            S23Avg : float[] byref * 
            SMaxAvg : float[] byref * 
            SAngleAvg : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing area object, area element or group of objects,
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area elements corresponding to the area object
specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area element specified by the Name item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area elements corresponding to all area objects
included in the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for area elements corresponding to all selected area objects
and the Name item is ignored.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program

Obj

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the area object name associated with each
result, if any

Elm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the area element name associated with each
result

PointElm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the point element where the results
are reported

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result

S11Top

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal S11 at the top of the specified area element, at the
specified point element location, reported in the area element local
coordinate system. [F/L2]

S22Top

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal S22 at the top of the specified area element, at the
specified point element location, reported in the area element local
coordinate system. [F/L2]

S12Top

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal S12 at the top of the specified area element, at the
specified point element location, reported in the area element local
coordinate system. [F/L2]

SMaxTop

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element maximum principal stress at the top of the specified area
element, at the specified point element location. [F/L2]

SMinTop

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element minimum principal stress at the top of the specified area
element, at the specified point element location. [F/L2]

SAngleTop

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The angle measured counter clockwise (when the local 3 axis is pointing toward
you) from the area local 1 axis to the direction of the maximum principal
stress, at the top of the specified area element. [deg]

SVMTop

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal top Von Mises stress at the specified point element.
[F/L2]

S11Bot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal S11 at the bottom of the specified area element, at
the specified point element location, reported in the area element local
coordinate system. [F/L2]

S22Bot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal S22 at the bottom of the specified area element, at
the specified point element location, reported in the area element local
coordinate system. [F/L2]

S12Bot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal S12 at the bottom of the specified area element, at
the specified point element location, reported in the area element local
coordinate system. [F/L2]

SMaxBot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element maximum principal stress at the bottom of the specified area
element, at the specified point element location. [F/L2]

SMinBot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element minimum principal stress at the bottom of the specified area
element, at the specified point element location. [F/L2]

SAngleBot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The angle measured counter clockwise (when the local 3 axis is pointing toward
you) from the area local 1 axis to the direction of the maximum principal
stress, at the bottom of the specified area element. [deg]

SVMBot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal bottom Von Mises stress at the specified point
element. [F/L2]

S13Avg

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element average S13 out-of-plane shear stress at the specified point
element. This item is only reported for area elements with properties that
allow plate bending behavior. [F/L2]

S23Avg

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element average S23 out-of-plane shear stress at the specified point
element. This item is only reported for area elements with properties that
allow plate bending behavior. [F/L2]

SMaxAvg

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element maximum average out-of-plane shear stress. It is equal to the
square root of the sum of the squares of S13Avg and S23Avg. This item is only
reported for area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior.
[F/L2]

SAngleAvg

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The angle measured counter clockwise (when the local 3 axis is pointing toward
you) from the area local 1 axis to the direction of SMaxAvg. This item is only
reported for area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior.
[deg]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the stresses are successfully recovered, otherwise it returns
a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim NumberResults As Integer
           Dim Obj() As String
           Dim ObjSta() As Double
           Dim Elm() As String
           Dim ElmSta() As Double
           Dim LoadCase() As String
           Dim StepType() As String
           Dim StepNum() As Double
           Dim S11Top() As Double
           Dim S22Top() As Double
           Dim S12Top() As Double
           Dim SMaxTop() As Double
           Dim SMinTop() As Double
           Dim SAngleTop() As Double
           Dim SVMTop() As Double
           Dim S11Bot() As Double
           Dim S22Bot() As Double
           Dim S12Bot() As Double
           Dim SMaxBot() As Double
           Dim SMinBot() As Double
           Dim SAngleBot() As Double
           Dim SVMBot() As Double
           Dim S13Avg() As Double
           Dim S23Avg() As Double
           Dim SMaxAvg() As Double
           Dim SAngleAvg() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("DEAD")
    
       'get area stresses for area object "1"
           ret = SapModel.Results.AreaStressShell("1", eItemTypeElm.ObjectElm, NumberResults, Obj, Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, S11Top, S22Top, S12Top, SMaxTop, SMinTop, SAngleTop, SVMTop, S11Bot, S22Bot, S12Bot, SMaxBot, SMinBot, SAngleBot, SVMBot, S13Avg, S23Avg, SMaxAvg, SAngleAvg)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

