

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAreaObjGetLoadTemperature Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the temperature load assignments to area objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetLoadTemperature(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] AreaName,
    	ref string[] LoadPat,
    	ref int[] MyType,
    	ref double[] Value,
    	ref string[] PatternName,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function GetLoadTemperature ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef AreaName As String(),
    	ByRef LoadPat As String(),
    	ByRef MyType As Integer(),
    	ByRef Value As Double(),
    	ByRef PatternName As String(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAreaObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim AreaName As String()
    Dim LoadPat As String()
    Dim MyType As Integer()
    Dim Value As Double()
    Dim PatternName As String()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetLoadTemperature(Name, 
    	NumberItems, AreaName, LoadPat, MyType, 
    	Value, PatternName, ItemType)
    
    
    int GetLoadTemperature(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% AreaName, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadPat, 
    	array<int>^% MyType, 
    	array<double>^% Value, 
    	array<String^>^% PatternName, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract GetLoadTemperature : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int byref * 
            AreaName : string[] byref * 
            LoadPat : string[] byref * 
            MyType : int[] byref * 
            Value : float[] byref * 
            PatternName : string[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing area object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of temperature loads retrieved for the specified area
objects.

AreaName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the area object associated with
each temperature load.

LoadPat

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the load pattern associated with
each temperature load.

MyType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes either 1 or 3, indicating the type of
temperature load.

  * 1 = Temperature
  * 3 = Temperature gradient along local 3 axis

Value

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the temperature load value. [T] for MyType = 1
and [T/L] for MyType= 3.

PatternName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the joint pattern name, if any, used to specify
the temperature load.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for the area object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for all area objects in the group specified by the
Name item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
assignments are retrieved for is made to all selected area objects, and the
Name item is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the load assignments are successfully retrieved; otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAreaObj Interface](2cda9b42-232e-6821-8caa-dc87fd84fed0.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

