

CSI API ETABS v1

# cDesignConcreteGetSummaryResultsColumn Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves column summary results for concrete design

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetSummaryResultsColumn(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] FrameName,
    	ref int[] MyOption,
    	ref double[] Location,
    	ref string[] PMMCombo,
    	ref double[] PMMArea,
    	ref double[] PMMRatio,
    	ref string[] VMajorCombo,
    	ref double[] AVMajor,
    	ref string[] VMinorCombo,
    	ref double[] AVMinor,
    	ref string[] ErrorSummary,
    	ref string[] WarningSummary,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function GetSummaryResultsColumn ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef FrameName As String(),
    	ByRef MyOption As Integer(),
    	ByRef Location As Double(),
    	ByRef PMMCombo As String(),
    	ByRef PMMArea As Double(),
    	ByRef PMMRatio As Double(),
    	ByRef VMajorCombo As String(),
    	ByRef AVMajor As Double(),
    	ByRef VMinorCombo As String(),
    	ByRef AVMinor As Double(),
    	ByRef ErrorSummary As String(),
    	ByRef WarningSummary As String(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cDesignConcrete
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim FrameName As String()
    Dim MyOption As Integer()
    Dim Location As Double()
    Dim PMMCombo As String()
    Dim PMMArea As Double()
    Dim PMMRatio As Double()
    Dim VMajorCombo As String()
    Dim AVMajor As Double()
    Dim VMinorCombo As String()
    Dim AVMinor As Double()
    Dim ErrorSummary As String()
    Dim WarningSummary As String()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetSummaryResultsColumn(Name, 
    	NumberItems, FrameName, MyOption, 
    	Location, PMMCombo, PMMArea, PMMRatio, 
    	VMajorCombo, AVMajor, VMinorCombo, 
    	AVMinor, ErrorSummary, WarningSummary, 
    	ItemType)
    
    
    int GetSummaryResultsColumn(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% FrameName, 
    	array<int>^% MyOption, 
    	array<double>^% Location, 
    	array<String^>^% PMMCombo, 
    	array<double>^% PMMArea, 
    	array<double>^% PMMRatio, 
    	array<String^>^% VMajorCombo, 
    	array<double>^% AVMajor, 
    	array<String^>^% VMinorCombo, 
    	array<double>^% AVMinor, 
    	array<String^>^% ErrorSummary, 
    	array<String^>^% WarningSummary, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract GetSummaryResultsColumn : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int byref * 
            FrameName : string[] byref * 
            MyOption : int[] byref * 
            Location : float[] byref * 
            PMMCombo : string[] byref * 
            PMMArea : float[] byref * 
            PMMRatio : float[] byref * 
            VMajorCombo : string[] byref * 
            AVMajor : float[] byref * 
            VMinorCombo : string[] byref * 
            AVMinor : float[] byref * 
            ErrorSummary : string[] byref * 
            WarningSummary : string[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of frame objects for which results are obtained.

FrameName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes each frame object name for which results are
obtained.

MyOption

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes 1 or 2, indicating the design option for each
frame object

  1. Check
  2. Design

Location

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the distance from the I-end of the frame object
to the location where the results are reported. [L]

PMMCombo

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the design combination for which
the controlling PMM ratio or rebar area occurs. A combination name followed by
(Sp) indicates that the design loads were obtained by applying special, code-
specific multipliers to all or part of the specified design load combination,
or that the design was based on the capacity of other objects (or other design
locations for the same object).

PMMArea

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the total longitudinal rebar area required for
the axial force plus biaxial moment (PMM) design at the specified location.
[L2]

This item applies only when MyOption = 2 (design).

PMMRatio

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the axial force plus biaxial moment (PMM)
stress ratio at the specified location

This item applies only when MyOption = 1 (check).

VMajorCombo

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the design combination for which
the controlling major shear occurs.

AVMajor

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the required area of transverse shear
reinforcing per unit length along the frame object for major shear at the
specified location. [L2/L]

VMinorCombo

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the design combination for which
the controlling minor shear occurs.

AVMinor

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the required area of transverse shear
reinforcing per unit length along the frame object for minor shear at the
specified location. [L2/L]

ErrorSummary

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the design error messages for the frame object,
if any.

WarningSummary

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the design warning messages for the frame
object, if any.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
design results are retrieved for the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the design
results are retrieved for all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the design results are retrieved for all selected frame objects, and the Name
item is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the results are successfully retrieved; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim Name As String
       Dim NumberItems As Integer
       Dim FrameName() As String
       Dim MyOption() As Integer
       Dim Location() As Double
       Dim PMMCombo() As String
       Dim PMMArea() As Double
       Dim PMMRatio() As Double
       Dim VmajorCombo() As String
       Dim AVmajor() As Double
       Dim VminorCombo() As String
       Dim AVminor() As Double
       Dim ErrorSummary() As String
       Dim WarningSummary() As String
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'add ASTM A706 rebar material
       ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.AddMaterial(Name, eMatType.Rebar, "United States", "ASTM A706", "Grade 60")
    
    'create new concrete frame section properties
       ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("COL", "4000Psi", 20, 20)
       ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("BEAM", "4000Psi", 20, 12)
       ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRebarBeam("BEAM", Name, Name, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2)
    
    'assign concrete column
        ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetSection("4", "COL")
    
    'run analysis
       System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
       ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
       ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
    'start concrete design
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.StartDesign()
    
    'get summary result data
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.GetSummaryResultsColumn("4", NumberItems, FrameName, MyOption, Location, PMMCombo, PMMArea, PMMRatio, VmajorCombo, AVmajor, VminorCombo, AVminor, ErrorSummary, WarningSummary)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cDesignConcrete Interface](692d8043-f8d2-9265-f110-3f37b97ae059.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

