

CSI API ETABS v1

# Attaching to a Manually Started Instance of ETABS  
  
---  
  
These instructions document the steps necessary to attach to instances of
ETABS that were started manually. The example code is in VB.NET.

  1. Start ETABS manually, e.g. by clicking on the program shortcut 

  2. Instead of creating a new ETABSObject, attach to the instance of the ETABSObject that was created and added to the Running Object Table by ETABS. 

The code below creates an ETABSObject and starts the program:

VB

Copy

         
         Dim myETABSObject As ETABSv1.cOAPI
         Dim myHelper as ETABSv1.cHelper = New ETABSv1.Helper
         
         myETABSObject = myHelper.CreateObject("C:\Program Files (x86)\Computers and Structures\ETABS 17\ETABS.exe")
         
         ret = myETABSObject.ApplicationStart()
         
         Dim mySapModel As ETABSv1.cSapModel = myETABSObject.SapModel

Replace the code above with the code below to attach to the existing
ETABSObject. Since the program is already started, there is no need to call
ETABSObject.ApplicationStart:

VB

Copy

         
         Dim myETABSObject As ETABSv1.cOAPI
         Dim myHelper as ETABSv1.cHelper = New ETABSv1.Helper
         
         myETABSObject = myHelper.GetObject("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
         
         Dim mySapModel As ETABSv1.cSapModel = myETABSObject.SapModel

  3. Other calls can then be made normally. The program can be ended manually or by calling ETABSObject.ApplicationExit

  4. Please note that if multiple instances of ETABS are manually started, an API client can only attach to the instance that was started first. 

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

