

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropMaterialGetOConcrete_1 Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the other material property data for concrete materials.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetOConcrete_1(
    	string Name,
    	ref double Fc,
    	ref bool IsLightweight,
    	ref double FcsFactor,
    	ref int SSType,
    	ref int SSHysType,
    	ref double StrainAtFc,
    	ref double StrainUltimate,
    	ref double FinalSlope,
    	ref double FrictionAngle,
    	ref double DilatationalAngle,
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    Function GetOConcrete_1 ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef Fc As Double,
    	ByRef IsLightweight As Boolean,
    	ByRef FcsFactor As Double,
    	ByRef SSType As Integer,
    	ByRef SSHysType As Integer,
    	ByRef StrainAtFc As Double,
    	ByRef StrainUltimate As Double,
    	ByRef FinalSlope As Double,
    	ByRef FrictionAngle As Double,
    	ByRef DilatationalAngle As Double,
    	Optional Temp As Double = 0
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropMaterial
    Dim Name As String
    Dim Fc As Double
    Dim IsLightweight As Boolean
    Dim FcsFactor As Double
    Dim SSType As Integer
    Dim SSHysType As Integer
    Dim StrainAtFc As Double
    Dim StrainUltimate As Double
    Dim FinalSlope As Double
    Dim FrictionAngle As Double
    Dim DilatationalAngle As Double
    Dim Temp As Double
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetOConcrete_1(Name, 
    	Fc, IsLightweight, FcsFactor, SSType, 
    	SSHysType, StrainAtFc, StrainUltimate, 
    	FinalSlope, FrictionAngle, DilatationalAngle, 
    	Temp)
    
    
    int GetOConcrete_1(
    	String^ Name, 
    	double% Fc, 
    	bool% IsLightweight, 
    	double% FcsFactor, 
    	int% SSType, 
    	int% SSHysType, 
    	double% StrainAtFc, 
    	double% StrainUltimate, 
    	double% FinalSlope, 
    	double% FrictionAngle, 
    	double% DilatationalAngle, 
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    abstract GetOConcrete_1 : 
            Name : string * 
            Fc : float byref * 
            IsLightweight : bool byref * 
            FcsFactor : float byref * 
            SSType : int byref * 
            SSHysType : int byref * 
            StrainAtFc : float byref * 
            StrainUltimate : float byref * 
            FinalSlope : float byref * 
            FrictionAngle : float byref * 
            DilatationalAngle : float byref * 
            ?Temp : float 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Temp = defaultArg Temp 0
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing concrete material property.

Fc

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

IsLightweight

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, the concrete is assumed to be lightweight concrete.

FcsFactor

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

SSType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is 0, 1 or 2, indicating the stress-strain curve type.

Value| SSType  
---|---  
0| User defined  
1| Parametric - Simple  
2| Parametric - Mander  
  
SSHysType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is 0 through 7, indicating the stress-strain curve type.

Value| SSHysType  
---|---  
0| Elastic  
1| Kinematic  
2| Takeda  
3| Pivot  
4| Concrete  
5| BRB Hardening  
6| Degrading  
7| Isotropic  
  
StrainAtFc

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

StrainUltimate

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to parametric stress-strain curves. It is the ultimate
unconfined strain capacity. This item must be larger than the StrainAtfc item

FinalSlope

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to parametric stress-strain curves. It is a multiplier
on the material modulus of elasticity, E. This value multiplied times E gives
the final slope on the compression side of the curve.

FrictionAngle

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Drucker-Prager friction angle. This item must be smaller or equal to 0 and
less than 90. [deg]

DilatationalAngle

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Drucker-Prager dilatational angle. This item must be smaller or equal to 0
and less than 90. [deg]

Temp (Optional)

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The temperature at which the specified data is to be retrieved. The
temperature must have been defined previously for the material.

This item applies only if the specified material has properties that are
temperature dependent. That is, it applies only if properties are specified
for the material at more than one temperature.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim fc As Double
           Dim IsLightweight As Boolean
           Dim fcsfactor As Double
           Dim SSType As Integer
           Dim SSHysType As Integer
           Dim StrainAtfc As Double
           Dim StrainUltimate As Double
           Dim FinalSlope As Double
           Dim FrictionAngle As Double
           Dim DilatationalAngle As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'initialize new material property
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetMaterial("Concrete", eMatType.Concrete)
    
       'assign other properties
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetOConcrete_1("Concrete", 5, False, 0, 1, 2, 0.0022, 0.0052, -0.1)
    
       'get other properties
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.GetOConcrete_1("Concrete", fc, IsLightweight, fcsfactor, SSType, SSHysType, StrainAtfc, StrainUltimate, FinalSlope, FrictionAngle, DilatationalAngle)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropMaterial Interface](9c207615-6f75-9e34-741c-041d0b2ac537.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

