

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjSetReleases Method  
  
---  
  
Makes end release and partial fixity assignments to frame objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetReleases(
    	string Name,
    	ref bool[] II,
    	ref bool[] JJ,
    	ref double[] StartValue,
    	ref double[] EndValue,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetReleases ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef II As Boolean(),
    	ByRef JJ As Boolean(),
    	ByRef StartValue As Double(),
    	ByRef EndValue As Double(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim II As Boolean()
    Dim JJ As Boolean()
    Dim StartValue As Double()
    Dim EndValue As Double()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetReleases(Name, 
    	II, JJ, StartValue, EndValue, ItemType)
    
    
    int SetReleases(
    	String^ Name, 
    	array<bool>^% II, 
    	array<bool>^% JJ, 
    	array<double>^% StartValue, 
    	array<double>^% EndValue, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetReleases : 
            Name : string * 
            II : bool[] byref * 
            JJ : bool[] byref * 
            StartValue : float[] byref * 
            EndValue : float[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

II

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  

JJ

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
These is an array of six booleans indicating the J-End releases for the frame
object.

  * ii(0) and jj(0) = U1 release
  * ii(1) and jj(1) = U2 release
  * ii(2) and jj(2) = U3 release
  * ii(3) and jj(3) = R1 release
  * ii(4) and jj(4) = R2 release
  * ii(5) and jj(5) = R3 release

StartValue

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
These is an array of six values indicating the I-End partial fixity springs
for the frame object.

  * StartValue(0) and EndValue(0) = U1 partial fixity [F/L]
  * StartValue(1) and EndValue(1) = U2 partial fixity [F/L]
  * StartValue(2) and EndValue(2) = U3 partial fixity [F/L]
  * StartValue(3) and EndValue(3) = R1 partial fixity [FL/rad]
  * StartValue(4) and EndValue(4) = R2 partial fixity [FL/rad]
  * StartValue(5) and EndValue(5) = R3 partial fixity [FL/rad]

EndValue

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
These is an array of six values indicating the J-End partial fixity springs
for the frame object.

  * StartValue(0) and EndValue(0) = U1 partial fixity [F/L]
  * StartValue(1) and EndValue(1) = U2 partial fixity [F/L]
  * StartValue(2) and EndValue(2) = U3 partial fixity [F/L]
  * StartValue(3) and EndValue(3) = R1 partial fixity [FL/rad]
  * StartValue(4) and EndValue(4) = R2 partial fixity [FL/rad]
  * StartValue(5) and EndValue(5) = R3 partial fixity [FL/rad]

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignment is made to all selected frame objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the assignments are successfully retrieved, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

Partial fixity assignments are made to degrees of freedom that have been
released only.

Some release assignments would cause instability in the model. An error is
returned if this type of assignment is made. Unstable release assignments
include the following:

  * U1 released at both ends
  * U2 released at both ends
  * U3 released at both ends
  * R1 released at both ends
  * R2 released at both ends and U3 at either end
  * R3 released at both ends and U2 at either end

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim ii() As Boolean
       Dim jj() As Boolean
       Dim StartValue() As Double
       Dim EndValue() As Double
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'assign end releases
       ReDim ii(5)
       ReDim jj(5)
       ReDim StartValue(5)
       ReDim EndValue(5)
       ii(5) = True
       jj(5) = True
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetReleases("13", ii, jj, StartValue, EndValue)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

