

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsGeneralizedDispl Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the displacement values for the specified generalized displacements

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GeneralizedDispl(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] GD,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref string[] DType,
    	ref double[] Value
    )
    
    
    Function GeneralizedDispl ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef GD As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef DType As String(),
    	ByRef Value As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim GD As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim DType As String()
    Dim Value As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GeneralizedDispl(Name, 
    	NumberResults, GD, LoadCase, StepType, 
    	StepNum, DType, Value)
    
    
    int GeneralizedDispl(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% GD, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<String^>^% DType, 
    	array<double>^% Value
    )
    
    
    abstract GeneralizedDispl : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            GD : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            DType : string[] byref * 
            Value : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing generalized displacement for which results are
returned.

If the program does not recognize this name as a defined generalized
displacement, it returns results for all selected generalized displacements,
if any. For example, entering a blank string (i.e., "") for the name will
prompt the program to return results for all selected generalized
displacements

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program

GD

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the generalized displacement name associated
with each result

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result

DType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the generalized displacement type for each
result. It is either Translation or Rotation

Value

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array of the generalized displacement values for each result. [L]
when DType is Translation , [rad] when DType is Rotation

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the displacements are successfully recovered, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim NumberResults As Integer
           Dim GD() As String
           Dim LoadCase() As String
           Dim StepType() As String
           Dim StepNum() As Double
           Dim DType() As String
           Dim Value() As Double
           Dim SF() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("DEAD")
    
       'add generalized displacement
           ret = SapModel.GDispl.Add("GD1", 1)
    
       'add point to generalized displacement
           ReDim SF(5)
           SF(0) = 0.5
           ret = SapModel.GDispl.SetPoint("GD1", "3", SF)
    
       'get generalized displacement results
           ret = SapModel.Results.GeneralizedDispl("GD1", NumberResults, GD, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, DType, Value)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

