

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAreaObjGetCurvedEdges Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves curve data for all edges of an area object

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetCurvedEdges(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumEdges,
    	ref int[] CurveType,
    	ref double[] Tension,
    	ref int[] NumPoints,
    	ref double[] gx,
    	ref double[] gy,
    	ref double[] gz
    )
    
    
    Function GetCurvedEdges ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumEdges As Integer,
    	ByRef CurveType As Integer(),
    	ByRef Tension As Double(),
    	ByRef NumPoints As Integer(),
    	ByRef gx As Double(),
    	ByRef gy As Double(),
    	ByRef gz As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAreaObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumEdges As Integer
    Dim CurveType As Integer()
    Dim Tension As Double()
    Dim NumPoints As Integer()
    Dim gx As Double()
    Dim gy As Double()
    Dim gz As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetCurvedEdges(Name, 
    	NumEdges, CurveType, Tension, NumPoints, 
    	gx, gy, gz)
    
    
    int GetCurvedEdges(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumEdges, 
    	array<int>^% CurveType, 
    	array<double>^% Tension, 
    	array<int>^% NumPoints, 
    	array<double>^% gx, 
    	array<double>^% gy, 
    	array<double>^% gz
    )
    
    
    abstract GetCurvedEdges : 
            Name : string * 
            NumEdges : int byref * 
            CurveType : int[] byref * 
            Tension : float[] byref * 
            NumPoints : int[] byref * 
            gx : float[] byref * 
            gy : float[] byref * 
            gz : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing area object with curved edges

NumEdges

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of edges of the area object

CurveType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array of size NumEdges. Contains the curve type for each edge, an
integer from the following list:

  * Straight = 0
  * Circular Curve = 1
  * Multilinear Curve = 2
  * Bezier Curve = 3
  * Spline Curve = 4

Tension

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array of size NumEdges. Used for spline, a value that specifies the
amount that the curve bends between control points. Values greater than 1
produce unpredictable results

NumPoints

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array of size NumEdges. The number of points along the curve for
each edge

gx

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array has a size equal to the sum of all the items in the NumPoints
array. Contains the global x coordinates Use the values in the NumPoints array
to keep track of which points apply to which curve.

gy

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array has a size equal to the sum of all the items in the NumPoints
array. Contains the global y coordinates Use the values in the NumPoints array
to keep track of which points apply to which curve.

gz

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array has a size equal to the sum of all the items in the NumPoints
array. Contains the global z coordinates Use the values in the NumPoints array
to keep track of which points apply to which curve.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully retrieved, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAreaObj Interface](2cda9b42-232e-6821-8caa-dc87fd84fed0.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

