

CSI API ETABS v1

# cDCoEurocode_2_2004SetOverwrite Method  
  
---  
  
Sets the value of a concrete design overwrite item.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetOverwrite(
    	string Name,
    	int Item,
    	double Value,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetOverwrite ( 
    	Name As String,
    	Item As Integer,
    	Value As Double,
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cDCoEurocode_2_2004
    Dim Name As String
    Dim Item As Integer
    Dim Value As Double
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetOverwrite(Name, 
    	Item, Value, ItemType)
    
    
    int SetOverwrite(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int Item, 
    	double Value, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetOverwrite : 
            Name : string * 
            Item : int * 
            Value : float * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType

Item

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an integer between 1 and 37, inclusive, indicating the overwrite item
considered.

  1. Framing type
  2. Live load reduction factor
  3. Unbraced length ratio, Major
  4. Unbraced length ratio, Minor
  5. Effective length factor, Beta Major (columns only)
  6. Effective length factor, Beat Minor (columns only)
  7. Moment coefficient, Cm Major (not used)
  8. Moment coefficient, Cm Minor (not used)
  9. Nonsway moment factor, Db Major (not used)
  10. Nonsway moment factor, Db Minor (not used)
  11. Sway moment factor, Ds Major (not used)
  12. Sway moment factor, Ds Minor (not used)
  13. Correction factor depending on axial load in Nominal Curvature method, Kr Major (columns only)
  14. Factor accounting for creep in Nominal Curvature method, KPhi Major (columns only)

  16. Correction factor depending on axial load in Nominal Curvature method, Kr Minor (columns only)
  17. Factor accounting for creep in Nominal Curvature method, KPhi Minor (columns only)
  18. Coefficient depending on the distribution of first-order moment in both Nominal Stiffness and Nominal Curvature methods, c Major (columns only)
  19. Coefficient depending on the distribution of first-order moment in both Nominal Stiffness and Nominal Curvature methods, c Minor (columns only)
  20. Factor for contribution of reinforcement, Ks Major (columns only)
  21. Ignore the benefit of Pu for beam design? (beams only)
  22. Factor for contribution of reinforcement, Ks Minor (columns only)
  23. Factor for effects of cracking, creep etc, Kc Major (columns only)
  24. Factor for effects of cracking, creep etc, Kc Minor (columns only)
  25. Effective creep coefficient, Phief (columns only)
  26. Consider torsion (beams only)
  27. Consider minimum eccentricity (columns only)
  28. Coefficient of concrete compressive stress limit, k1
  29. Coefficient of steel tensile stress limit, k3
  30. Exposure class for crack control
  31. Limiting crack width
  32. Age at cracking of concrete, days
  33. Type of cement
  34. Load duration
  35. Longitudinal Rebar Size Top
  36. Longitudinal Rebar Size Bottom
  37. Is Longitudinal Rebar Ribbed
  38. Coefficient of concrete compressive stress limit, k1
  39. Coefficient of steel tensile stress limit, k3
  40. Exposure class for crack control
  41. Limiting crack width
  42. Age at cracking of concrete, days
  43. Type of cement
  44. Load duration
  45. Longitudinal Rebar Size Top
  46. Longitudinal Rebar Size Bottom
  47. Is Longitudinal Rebar Ribbed

Value

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The value of the considered overwrite item.

  1. Framing type 
     * 0 = Program Determined
     * 1 = DC High
     * 2 = DC Medium
     * 3 = DC Low
     * 4 = Secondary
  2. Live load reduction factor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  3. Unbraced length ratio, Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  4. Unbraced length ratio, Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  5. Effective length factor, Beta Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  6. Effective length factor, Beta Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  7. Moment coefficient, Cm Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  8. Moment coefficient, Cm Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  9. Nonsway moment factor, Db Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  10. Nonsway moment factor, Db Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  11. Sway moment factor, Ds Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  12. Sway moment factor, Ds Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  13. Correction factor depending on axial load in Nominal Curvature method, Kr Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  14. Factor accounting for creep in Nominal Curvature method, KPhi Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  15. Correction factor depending on axial load in Nominal Curvature method, Kr Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  16. Factor accounting for creep in Nominal Curvature method, KPhi Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  17. Coefficient depending on the distribution of first-order moment in both Nominal Stiffness and Nominal Curvature methods, c Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  18. Coefficient depending on the distribution of first-order moment in both Nominal Stiffness and Nominal Curvature methods, c Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  19. Factor for contribution of reinforcement, Ks Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  20. Ignore the benefit of Pu for beam design? 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  21. Factor for contribution of reinforcement, Ks Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  22. Factor for effects of cracking, creep etc, Kc Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  23. Factor for effects of cracking, creep etc, Kc Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  24. Effective creep coefficient, Phief 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  25. Consider torsion 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  26. Consider minimum eccentricity 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  27. Coefficient of concrete compressive stress limit, k1 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  28. Coefficient of steel tensile stress limit, k3 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  29. Exposure class for crack control 
     * 0 = Program Determined
     * 1 = X0
     * 2 = XC1
     * 3 = XC2
     * 4 = XC3
     * 5 = XC4
     * 6 = XD1
     * 7 = XD2
     * 8 = XS1
     * 9 = XS2
     * 10 = XS3
  30. Limiting crack width 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  31. Age at cracking of concrete, days 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  32. Exposure class for crack control 
     * 0 = Program Determined
     * 1 = Class R
     * 2 = Class N
     * 3 = Class S
  33. Loading duration 
     * 0 = Program Determined
     * 1 = Short term
     * 2 = Long term
  34. Longitudinal Rebar Size Top 

Value is the index in the list of the rebar defined in the Reinforcing Bar
Sizes form

  35. Longitudinal Rebar Size Bottom 

Value is the index in the list of the rebar defined in the Reinforcing Bar
Sizes form

  36. Is Longitudinal Rebar Ribbed 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
overwrite is set for the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
overwrite is set for all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the overwrite is set for all selected frame objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the item is successfully set; otherwise it returns a nonzero
value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim Value As Double
       Dim ProgDet As Boolean
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'create new concrete frame section property
       ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("R1", "4000Psi", 20, 12)
    
    'set frame section property
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetSection("8", "R1")
    
    'set concrete design code
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.SetCode("Eurocode 2-2004")
    
    'run analysis
       System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
       ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
       ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis
    
    'start concrete design
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.StartDesign()
    
    'set overwrite item
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.Eurocode_2_2004.SetOverwrite("8", 1, 1)
    
    'get overwrite item
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.Eurocode_2_2004.GetOverwrite("8", 1, Value, ProgDet)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cDCoEurocode_2_2004 Interface](141ae9d4-bdc4-4f67-24c5-c0b94e4ee79b.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

