

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropFrameImportProp Method  
  
---  
  
Imports a frame section property from a property file.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int ImportProp(
    	string Name,
    	string MatProp,
    	string FileName,
    	string PropName,
    	int Color = -1,
    	string Notes = "",
    	string GUID = ""
    )
    
    
    Function ImportProp ( 
    	Name As String,
    	MatProp As String,
    	FileName As String,
    	PropName As String,
    	Optional Color As Integer = -1,
    	Optional Notes As String = "",
    	Optional GUID As String = ""
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropFrame
    Dim Name As String
    Dim MatProp As String
    Dim FileName As String
    Dim PropName As String
    Dim Color As Integer
    Dim Notes As String
    Dim GUID As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.ImportProp(Name, 
    	MatProp, FileName, PropName, Color, 
    	Notes, GUID)
    
    
    int ImportProp(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ MatProp, 
    	String^ FileName, 
    	String^ PropName, 
    	int Color = -1, 
    	String^ Notes = L"", 
    	String^ GUID = L""
    )
    
    
    abstract ImportProp : 
            Name : string * 
            MatProp : string * 
            FileName : string * 
            PropName : string * 
            ?Color : int * 
            ?Notes : string * 
            ?GUID : string 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Color = defaultArg Color -1
            let _Notes = defaultArg Notes ""
            let _GUID = defaultArg GUID ""
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing or new frame section property. If this is an existing
property, that property is modified; otherwise, a new property is added. This
name does not need to be the same as the PropName item.

MatProp

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the material property for the section.

FileName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the frame section property file from which to get the frame
section property specified by the PropName item.

In most cases you can input just the name of the property file (e.g.
"AISC14.xml") and the program will be able to find it. In some cases you may
have to input the full path to the property file.

PropName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the frame section property, inside the property file specified by
the FileName item, that is to be imported.

Color (Optional)

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  

Notes (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  

GUID (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The GUID (global unique identifier), if any, assigned to the section. If this
item is input as Default, the program assigns a GUID to the section.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the section property is successfully initialized; otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

If the property file is not found, or the specified property name is not found
in the property file, the section is set to be a general section with default
properties.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'import new frame section property
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.ImportProp("W18X35", "A992Fy50", "Sections8.pro", "W18X35")
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropFrame Interface](818573fe-2b13-6183-8dc9-0cf3e8e02c7a.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

