

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjAddByCoord Method  
  
---  
  
Adds a new frame object whose end points are at the specified coordinates.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AddByCoord(
    	double XI,
    	double YI,
    	double ZI,
    	double XJ,
    	double YJ,
    	double ZJ,
    	ref string Name,
    	string PropName = "Default",
    	string UserName = "",
    	string CSys = "Global"
    )
    
    
    Function AddByCoord ( 
    	XI As Double,
    	YI As Double,
    	ZI As Double,
    	XJ As Double,
    	YJ As Double,
    	ZJ As Double,
    	ByRef Name As String,
    	Optional PropName As String = "Default",
    	Optional UserName As String = "",
    	Optional CSys As String = "Global"
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim XI As Double
    Dim YI As Double
    Dim ZI As Double
    Dim XJ As Double
    Dim YJ As Double
    Dim ZJ As Double
    Dim Name As String
    Dim PropName As String
    Dim UserName As String
    Dim CSys As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AddByCoord(XI, 
    	YI, ZI, XJ, YJ, ZJ, Name, PropName, UserName, 
    	CSys)
    
    
    int AddByCoord(
    	double XI, 
    	double YI, 
    	double ZI, 
    	double XJ, 
    	double YJ, 
    	double ZJ, 
    	String^% Name, 
    	String^ PropName = L"Default", 
    	String^ UserName = L"", 
    	String^ CSys = L"Global"
    )
    
    
    abstract AddByCoord : 
            XI : float * 
            YI : float * 
            ZI : float * 
            XJ : float * 
            YJ : float * 
            ZJ : float * 
            Name : string byref * 
            ?PropName : string * 
            ?UserName : string * 
            ?CSys : string 
    (* Defaults:
            let _PropName = defaultArg PropName "Default"
            let _UserName = defaultArg UserName ""
            let _CSys = defaultArg CSys "Global"
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

XI

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The coordinates of the I-End of the added frame object. The coordinates are in
the coordinate system defined by the CSys item.

YI

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The coordinates of the I-End of the added frame object. The coordinates are in
the coordinate system defined by the CSys item.

ZI

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The coordinates of the I-End of the added frame object. The coordinates are in
the coordinate system defined by the CSys item.

XJ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The coordinates of the J-End of the added frame object. The coordinates are in
the coordinate system defined by the CSys item.

YJ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The coordinates of the J-End of the added frame object. The coordinates are in
the coordinate system defined by the CSys item.

ZJ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The coordinates of the J-End of the added frame object. The coordinates are in
the coordinate system defined by the CSys item.

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is the name that the program ultimately assigns for the frame object. If
no userName is specified, the program assigns a default name to the frame
object. If a userName is specified and that name is not used for another
frame, cable or tendon object, the userName is assigned to the frame object,
otherwise a default name is assigned to the frame object.

PropName (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is Default, None, or the name of a defined frame section property.

If it is Default, the program assigns a default section property to the frame
object. If it is None, no section property is assigned to the frame object. If
it is the name of a defined frame section property, that property is assigned
to the frame object.

UserName (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an optional user specified name for the frame object. If a UserName is
specified and that name is already used for another frame object, the program
ignores the UserName.

CSys (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the coordinate system in which the frame object end point
coordinates are defined.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the frame object is successfully added, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

Note that the End I and End J joints of the added frame object are determined
based on the orientation of the object and may not be the same order as
specified in the parameters of this API functions. Please use
[GetPoints(String, String, String)](71f957cb-61ed-208a-c949-e015256b9740.htm)
to check the position of the End I and End J joints.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim Name As String
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel(eUnits.lb_ft_F)
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'add frame object by coordinates
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.AddByCoord(0, 72, 48, 0, 48, 36, Name)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

