

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPointObjGetLoadDispl Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the ground displacement load assignments to point objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetLoadDispl(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] PointName,
    	ref string[] LoadPat,
    	ref int[] LcStep,
    	ref string[] CSys,
    	ref double[] U1,
    	ref double[] U2,
    	ref double[] U3,
    	ref double[] R1,
    	ref double[] R2,
    	ref double[] R3,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function GetLoadDispl ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef PointName As String(),
    	ByRef LoadPat As String(),
    	ByRef LcStep As Integer(),
    	ByRef CSys As String(),
    	ByRef U1 As Double(),
    	ByRef U2 As Double(),
    	ByRef U3 As Double(),
    	ByRef R1 As Double(),
    	ByRef R2 As Double(),
    	ByRef R3 As Double(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPointObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim PointName As String()
    Dim LoadPat As String()
    Dim LcStep As Integer()
    Dim CSys As String()
    Dim U1 As Double()
    Dim U2 As Double()
    Dim U3 As Double()
    Dim R1 As Double()
    Dim R2 As Double()
    Dim R3 As Double()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetLoadDispl(Name, 
    	NumberItems, PointName, LoadPat, 
    	LcStep, CSys, U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3, 
    	ItemType)
    
    
    int GetLoadDispl(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% PointName, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadPat, 
    	array<int>^% LcStep, 
    	array<String^>^% CSys, 
    	array<double>^% U1, 
    	array<double>^% U2, 
    	array<double>^% U3, 
    	array<double>^% R1, 
    	array<double>^% R2, 
    	array<double>^% R3, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract GetLoadDispl : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int byref * 
            PointName : string[] byref * 
            LoadPat : string[] byref * 
            LcStep : int[] byref * 
            CSys : string[] byref * 
            U1 : float[] byref * 
            U2 : float[] byref * 
            U3 : float[] byref * 
            R1 : float[] byref * 
            R2 : float[] byref * 
            R3 : float[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing point object or group depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is the total number of joint ground displacement assignments returned.

PointName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the point object to which the
specified ground displacement assignment applies.

LoadPat

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the load pattern for the ground
displacement load.

LcStep

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  

CSys

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the coordinate system for the
ground displacement load. This is Local or the name of a defined coordinate
system.

U1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the assigned translational ground displacement
in the local 1-axis or coordinate system X-axis direction, depending on the
specified CSys. [L]

U2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the assigned translational ground displacement
in the local 2-axis or coordinate system Y-axis direction, depending on the
specified CSys. [L]

U3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

R1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the assigned rotational ground displacement
about the local 1-axis or coordinate system X-axis, depending on the specified
CSys. [rad]

R2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the assigned rotational ground displacement
about the local 2-axis or coordinate system Y-axis, depending on the specified
CSys. [rad]

R3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the assigned rotational ground displacement
about the local 3-axis or coordinate system Z-axis, depending on the specified
CSys. [rad]

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the load
assignments are retrieved for the point object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the load
assignments are retrieved for all point objects in the group specified by the
Name item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the load assignments are retrieved for all selected point objects and the Name
item is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the load assignments are successfully retrieved, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberItems As Integer
       Dim PointName() As String
       Dim LoadPat() As String
       Dim LCStep() As Integer
       Dim CSys() As String
       Dim U1() As Double
       Dim U2() As Double
       Dim U3() As Double
       Dim R1() As Double
       Dim R2() As Double
       Dim R3() As Double
       Dim Value() As Double
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'add ground displacement load
       Redim Value(5)
       Value(0) = 10
       ret = SapModel.PointObj.SetLoadDispl("1", "DEAD", Value)
    
    'get ground displacement load
       ret = SapModel.PointObj.GetLoadDispl("ALL", NumberItems, PointName, LoadPat, LCStep, CSys, U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3, eItemType.Group)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPointObj Interface](07661691-ffa8-f77b-7580-1973c7be1978.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

