

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjGetInsertionPoint Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves frame object insertion point assignments. The assignments include
the cardinal point and end joint offsets.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetInsertionPoint(
    	string Name,
    	ref int CardinalPoint,
    	ref bool Mirror2,
    	ref bool StiffTransform,
    	ref double[] Offset1,
    	ref double[] Offset2,
    	ref string CSys
    )
    
    
    Function GetInsertionPoint ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef CardinalPoint As Integer,
    	ByRef Mirror2 As Boolean,
    	ByRef StiffTransform As Boolean,
    	ByRef Offset1 As Double(),
    	ByRef Offset2 As Double(),
    	ByRef CSys As String
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim CardinalPoint As Integer
    Dim Mirror2 As Boolean
    Dim StiffTransform As Boolean
    Dim Offset1 As Double()
    Dim Offset2 As Double()
    Dim CSys As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetInsertionPoint(Name, 
    	CardinalPoint, Mirror2, StiffTransform, 
    	Offset1, Offset2, CSys)
    
    
    int GetInsertionPoint(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% CardinalPoint, 
    	bool% Mirror2, 
    	bool% StiffTransform, 
    	array<double>^% Offset1, 
    	array<double>^% Offset2, 
    	String^% CSys
    )
    
    
    abstract GetInsertionPoint : 
            Name : string * 
            CardinalPoint : int byref * 
            Mirror2 : bool byref * 
            StiffTransform : bool byref * 
            Offset1 : float[] byref * 
            Offset2 : float[] byref * 
            CSys : string byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object.

CardinalPoint

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is a numeric value from 1 to 11 that specifies the cardinal point for the
frame object. The cardinal point specifies the relative position of the frame
section on the line representing the frame object.

  1. bottom left
  2. bottom center
  3. bottom right
  4. middle left
  5. middle center
  6. middle right
  7. top left
  8. top center
  9. top right
  10. centroid
  11. shear center

Mirror2

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, the frame object section is assumed to be mirrored
(flipped) about its local 2-axis.

StiffTransform

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, the frame object stiffness is transformed for cardinal
point and joint offsets from the frame section centroid.

Offset1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array of three joint offset distances, in the coordinate directions
specified by CSys, at the I-End of the frame object. [L]

  * Offset1(0) = Offset in the 1-axis or X-axis direction
  * Offset1(1) = Offset in the 2-axis or Y-axis direction
  * Offset1(2) = Offset in the 3-axis or Z-axis direction

Offset2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array of three joint offset distances, in the coordinate directions
specified by CSys, at the J-End of the frame object. [L]

  * Offset2(0) = Offset in the 1-axis or X-axis direction
  * Offset2(1) = Offset in the 2-axis or Y-axis direction
  * Offset2(2) = Offset in the 3-axis or Z-axis direction

CSys

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is Local or the name of a defined coordinate system. It is the coordinate
system in which the Offset1 and Offset2 items are specified.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the insertion point data is successfully retrieved, otherwise
it returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'assign frame insertion point
       ReDim Offset1(2)
       ReDim Offset2(2)
       For i=0 To 2
          Offset1(i)=10 + i
          Offset2(i)=20 + i
       Next i
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetInsertionPoint("15", 7, False, True, Offset1, Offset2)
    
    'get frame insertion point
       ReDim Offset1(2)
       ReDim Offset2(2)
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.GetInsertionPoint("15", CardinalPoint, Mirror2, StiffTransform, Offset1, Offset2, CSys)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

