

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropFrameSDShapeGetSolidCircle Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves property data for a solid circle shape in a section designer section

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetSolidCircle(
    	string Name,
    	string ShapeName,
    	ref string MatProp,
    	ref string SSOverwrite,
    	ref int Color,
    	ref double XCenter,
    	ref double YCenter,
    	ref double Diameter,
    	ref bool Reinf,
    	ref int NumberBars,
    	ref double Rotation,
    	ref double Cover,
    	ref string RebarSize,
    	ref string MatRebar
    )
    
    
    Function GetSolidCircle ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ShapeName As String,
    	ByRef MatProp As String,
    	ByRef SSOverwrite As String,
    	ByRef Color As Integer,
    	ByRef XCenter As Double,
    	ByRef YCenter As Double,
    	ByRef Diameter As Double,
    	ByRef Reinf As Boolean,
    	ByRef NumberBars As Integer,
    	ByRef Rotation As Double,
    	ByRef Cover As Double,
    	ByRef RebarSize As String,
    	ByRef MatRebar As String
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropFrameSDShape
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ShapeName As String
    Dim MatProp As String
    Dim SSOverwrite As String
    Dim Color As Integer
    Dim XCenter As Double
    Dim YCenter As Double
    Dim Diameter As Double
    Dim Reinf As Boolean
    Dim NumberBars As Integer
    Dim Rotation As Double
    Dim Cover As Double
    Dim RebarSize As String
    Dim MatRebar As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetSolidCircle(Name, 
    	ShapeName, MatProp, SSOverwrite, 
    	Color, XCenter, YCenter, Diameter, 
    	Reinf, NumberBars, Rotation, Cover, 
    	RebarSize, MatRebar)
    
    
    int GetSolidCircle(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ ShapeName, 
    	String^% MatProp, 
    	String^% SSOverwrite, 
    	int% Color, 
    	double% XCenter, 
    	double% YCenter, 
    	double% Diameter, 
    	bool% Reinf, 
    	int% NumberBars, 
    	double% Rotation, 
    	double% Cover, 
    	String^% RebarSize, 
    	String^% MatRebar
    )
    
    
    abstract GetSolidCircle : 
            Name : string * 
            ShapeName : string * 
            MatProp : string byref * 
            SSOverwrite : string byref * 
            Color : int byref * 
            XCenter : float byref * 
            YCenter : float byref * 
            Diameter : float byref * 
            Reinf : bool byref * 
            NumberBars : int byref * 
            Rotation : float byref * 
            Cover : float byref * 
            RebarSize : string byref * 
            MatRebar : string byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame section property that is a section designer
section

ShapeName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing solid circle shape in the specified frame section
property

MatProp

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the material property for the shape

SSOverwrite

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is a blank string, Default, or the name of a defined stress-strain curve.

If this item is a blank string or Default, the shape stress-strain curve is
based on the assigned material property.

Color

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The fill color assigned to the shape

XCenter

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The X-coordinate of the center of the shape in the section designer coordinate
system. [L]

YCenter

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Y-coordinate of the center of the shape in the section designer coordinate
system. [L]

Diameter

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The diameter of the circle.[L]

Reinf

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
This item is True when there is edge and corner reinforcing steel associated
with the shape. The MatProp item must refer to a concrete material for this
item to be True.

NumberBars

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item is visible only if the Reinf item is set to True. It is the number
of equally spaced bars for the circular reinforcing.

Rotation

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The counter clockwise rotation of the shape from its default orientation.
[deg]

Cover

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item is visible only if the Reinf item is set to True. It is the clear
cover for the specified rebar

RebarSize

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This item is visible only if the Reinf item is set to True. It is the size of
the reinforcing bar.

MatRebar

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The material property for the edge and corner reinforcing steel associated
with the shape. This item applies only when the MatProp item is a concrete
material and the Reinf item is True.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the property data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it
returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropFrameSDShape Interface](a50f9a5e-4c7d-07d5-4326-58be7b557651.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

