

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropFrameSetNonPrismatic Method  
  
---  
  
Assigns data to a nonprismatic frame section property.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetNonPrismatic(
    	string Name,
    	int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] StartSec,
    	ref string[] EndSec,
    	ref double[] MyLength,
    	ref int[] MyType,
    	ref int[] EI33,
    	ref int[] EI22,
    	int Color = -1,
    	string Notes = "",
    	string GUID = ""
    )
    
    
    Function SetNonPrismatic ( 
    	Name As String,
    	NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef StartSec As String(),
    	ByRef EndSec As String(),
    	ByRef MyLength As Double(),
    	ByRef MyType As Integer(),
    	ByRef EI33 As Integer(),
    	ByRef EI22 As Integer(),
    	Optional Color As Integer = -1,
    	Optional Notes As String = "",
    	Optional GUID As String = ""
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropFrame
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim StartSec As String()
    Dim EndSec As String()
    Dim MyLength As Double()
    Dim MyType As Integer()
    Dim EI33 As Integer()
    Dim EI22 As Integer()
    Dim Color As Integer
    Dim Notes As String
    Dim GUID As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetNonPrismatic(Name, 
    	NumberItems, StartSec, EndSec, MyLength, 
    	MyType, EI33, EI22, Color, Notes, GUID)
    
    
    int SetNonPrismatic(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% StartSec, 
    	array<String^>^% EndSec, 
    	array<double>^% MyLength, 
    	array<int>^% MyType, 
    	array<int>^% EI33, 
    	array<int>^% EI22, 
    	int Color = -1, 
    	String^ Notes = L"", 
    	String^ GUID = L""
    )
    
    
    abstract SetNonPrismatic : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int * 
            StartSec : string[] byref * 
            EndSec : string[] byref * 
            MyLength : float[] byref * 
            MyType : int[] byref * 
            EI33 : int[] byref * 
            EI22 : int[] byref * 
            ?Color : int * 
            ?Notes : string * 
            ?GUID : string 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Color = defaultArg Color -1
            let _Notes = defaultArg Notes ""
            let _GUID = defaultArg GUID ""
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing or new frame section property. If this is an existing
property, that property is modified; otherwise, a new property is added.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of segments assigned to the nonprismatic section.

StartSec

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array of the names of the frame section properties at the start of
each segment.

Auto select lists and nonprismatic sections are not allowed in this array.

EndSec

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array of the names of the frame section properties at the end of
each segment.

Auto select lists and nonprismatic sections are not allowed in this array.

MyLength

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the length of each segment. The length may be
variable or absolute as indicated by the MyType item. [L] when length is
absolute.

MyType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array of either 1 or 2, indicating the length type for each
segment:

Value| MyType  
---|---  
1| Variable (relative length)  
2| Absolute  
  
EI33

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array of 1, 2 or 3, indicating the variation type for EI33 in each
segment:

Value| EI33  
---|---  
1| Linear  
2| Parabolic  
2| Cubic  
  
EI22

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array of 1, 2 or 3, indicating the variation type for EI22 in each
segment:

Value| EI22  
---|---  
1| Linear  
2| Parabolic  
2| Cubic  
  
Color (Optional)

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  

Notes (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  

GUID (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The GUID (global unique identifier), if any, assigned to the section. If this
item is input as Default, the program assigns a GUID to the section.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully filled; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim StartSec() As String
           Dim EndSec() As String
           Dim Length() As Double
           Dim SegType() As Integer
           Dim EI33() As Integer
           Dim EI22() As Integer
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'set new I-type frame section property
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetISection("ISEC1", "A992Fy50", 24, 10, 0.5, 0.3, 14, 0.6)
    
       'set new I-type frame section property
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetISection("ISEC2", "A992Fy50", 36, 15, 1, 0.5, 121, 0.9)
    
        'set new nonprismatic frame section property
           ReDim StartSec(2)
           ReDim EndSec(2)
           ReDim Length(2)
           ReDim SegType(2)
           ReDim EI33(2)
           ReDim EI22(2)
           StartSec(0) = "ISEC2"
           EndSec(0) = "ISEC1"
           Length(0) = 60
           SegType(0) = 2
           EI33(0)= 2
           EI22(0)= 1
    
           StartSec(1) = "ISEC1"
           EndSec(1) = "ISEC1"
           Length(1) = 1
           SegType(1) = 1
           EI33(1)= 2
           EI22(1)= 1
    
           StartSec(2) = "ISEC1"
           EndSec(2) = "ISEC2"
           Length(2) = 60
           SegType(2) = 2
           EI33(2)= 2
           EI22(2)= 1
    
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetNonPrismatic("NP1", 3, StartSec, EndSec, Length, SegType, EI33, EI22)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropFrame Interface](818573fe-2b13-6183-8dc9-0cf3e8e02c7a.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

