

CSI API ETABS v1

# cDCoSP63133302011SetOverwrite Method  
  
---  
  
Sets the value of a concrete design overwrite item.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetOverwrite(
    	string Name,
    	int Item,
    	double Value,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetOverwrite ( 
    	Name As String,
    	Item As Integer,
    	Value As Double,
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cDCoSP63133302011
    Dim Name As String
    Dim Item As Integer
    Dim Value As Double
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetOverwrite(Name, 
    	Item, Value, ItemType)
    
    
    int SetOverwrite(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int Item, 
    	double Value, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetOverwrite : 
            Name : string * 
            Item : int * 
            Value : float * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

Item

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an integer between 1 and 22, inclusive, indicating the overwrite item
considered.

  1. Framing type (beams and columns)
  2. Live load reduction factor (beams and columns)
  3. Unbraced length ratio, Major (beams and columns)
  4. Unbraced length ratio, Minor (beams and columns)
  5. Effective length factor, K Major (columns only)
  6. Effective length factor, K Minor (columns only)
  7. Moment amplification factor, Eta Major (columns only)
  8. Moment amplification factor, Eta Minor (columns only)
  9. Gammab3 for column (columns only)
  10. Gammab3 for beam (beams only)
  11. Consider torsion (beams only)
  12. (qsw,1*Z1)/(Rs*As,1) (beams only)
  13. Corner rebar fraction top (beams only)
  14. Corner rebar fraction bottom (beams only)
  15. Consider minimum eccentricity (columns only)
  16. Consider crack analysis (beams only)
  17. Crack width limit full load, a_crc,ult [mm] (beams only)
  18. Crack width limit long term, a_crc,l,ult [mm] (beams only)
  19. Longitudinal rebar size top (beams only)
  20. Longitudinal rebar size bottom (beams only)
  21. Ignore beneficial Pu for beam design (beams only)
  22. Is longitudinal rebar ribbed (beams only)

Value

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The value of the considered overwrite item.

  1. Framing type 
     * 0 = Program Default
     * 1 = Sway
     * 2 = NonSway
  2. Live load reduction factor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  3. Unbraced length ratio, Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  4. Unbraced length ratio, Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  5. Effective length factor, K Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  6. Effective length factor, K Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  7. Moment amplification factor, Eta Major 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  8. Moment amplification factor, Eta Minor 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  9. Gammab3 for column 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  10. Gammab3 for beam 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  11. Consider torsion 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  12. (qsw,1*Z1)/(Rs*As,1) 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  13. Corner rebar fraction top 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  14. Corner rebar fraction bottom 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  15. Consider minimum eccentricity 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  16. Consider crack analysis 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  17. Crack Width Limit Full Load, a_crc,ult [mm] 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  18. Crack Width Limit Long Term, a_crc,l,ult [mm] 

Value >= 0; 0 means use program determined value

  19. Longitudinal Rebar Size Top 

Value is the index in the list of the rebar defined in the Reinforcing Bar
Sizes form

  20. Longitudinal Rebar Size Bottom 

Value is the index in the list of the rebar defined in the Reinforcing Bar
Sizes form

  21. Ignore Beneficial Pu for Beam Design 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 
  22. Is Longitudinal Rebar Ribbed 
     * 0 = No
     * Any other value = Yes 

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignment is made to all selected frame objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the item is successfully set; otherwise it returns a nonzero
value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'create new concrete frame section property
       ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("R1", "4000Psi", 20, 12)
    
    'set frame section property
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetSection("8", "R1")
    
    'set concrete design code
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.SetCode("SP 63.13330.2012")
    
    'set overwrite item
       ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.SP63133302011.SetOverwrite("8", 1, 2)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cDCoSP63133302011 Interface](4a800ffa-6371-09f7-cbb2-a7d82d09dc54.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

