

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropFrameSetRebarColumn Method  
  
---  
  
Assigns column rebar data to frame sections.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetRebarColumn(
    	string Name,
    	string MatPropLong,
    	string MatPropConfine,
    	int Pattern,
    	int ConfineType,
    	double Cover,
    	int NumberCBars,
    	int NumberR3Bars,
    	int NumberR2Bars,
    	string RebarSize,
    	string TieSize,
    	double TieSpacingLongit,
    	int Number2DirTieBars,
    	int Number3DirTieBars,
    	bool ToBeDesigned
    )
    
    
    Function SetRebarColumn ( 
    	Name As String,
    	MatPropLong As String,
    	MatPropConfine As String,
    	Pattern As Integer,
    	ConfineType As Integer,
    	Cover As Double,
    	NumberCBars As Integer,
    	NumberR3Bars As Integer,
    	NumberR2Bars As Integer,
    	RebarSize As String,
    	TieSize As String,
    	TieSpacingLongit As Double,
    	Number2DirTieBars As Integer,
    	Number3DirTieBars As Integer,
    	ToBeDesigned As Boolean
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropFrame
    Dim Name As String
    Dim MatPropLong As String
    Dim MatPropConfine As String
    Dim Pattern As Integer
    Dim ConfineType As Integer
    Dim Cover As Double
    Dim NumberCBars As Integer
    Dim NumberR3Bars As Integer
    Dim NumberR2Bars As Integer
    Dim RebarSize As String
    Dim TieSize As String
    Dim TieSpacingLongit As Double
    Dim Number2DirTieBars As Integer
    Dim Number3DirTieBars As Integer
    Dim ToBeDesigned As Boolean
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetRebarColumn(Name, 
    	MatPropLong, MatPropConfine, Pattern, 
    	ConfineType, Cover, NumberCBars, 
    	NumberR3Bars, NumberR2Bars, RebarSize, 
    	TieSize, TieSpacingLongit, Number2DirTieBars, 
    	Number3DirTieBars, ToBeDesigned)
    
    
    int SetRebarColumn(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ MatPropLong, 
    	String^ MatPropConfine, 
    	int Pattern, 
    	int ConfineType, 
    	double Cover, 
    	int NumberCBars, 
    	int NumberR3Bars, 
    	int NumberR2Bars, 
    	String^ RebarSize, 
    	String^ TieSize, 
    	double TieSpacingLongit, 
    	int Number2DirTieBars, 
    	int Number3DirTieBars, 
    	bool ToBeDesigned
    )
    
    
    abstract SetRebarColumn : 
            Name : string * 
            MatPropLong : string * 
            MatPropConfine : string * 
            Pattern : int * 
            ConfineType : int * 
            Cover : float * 
            NumberCBars : int * 
            NumberR3Bars : int * 
            NumberR2Bars : int * 
            RebarSize : string * 
            TieSize : string * 
            TieSpacingLongit : float * 
            Number2DirTieBars : int * 
            Number3DirTieBars : int * 
            ToBeDesigned : bool -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame section property.

MatPropLong

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the rebar material property for the longitudinal rebar.

MatPropConfine

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the rebar material property for the confinement rebar.

Pattern

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is either 1 or 2, indicating the rebar configuration.

Value| Pattern  
---|---  
1| Rectangular  
2| Circular  
  
For circular frame section properties this item must be 2; otherwise an error
is returned.

ConfineType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is either 1 or 2, indicating the confinement bar type.

Value| Type  
---|---  
1| Ties  
2| Spiral  
  
This item applies only when Pattern = 2. If Pattern = 1, the confinement bar
type is assumed to be ties.

Cover

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The clear cover for the confinement steel (ties). In the special case of
circular reinforcement in a rectangular column, this is the minimum clear
cover. [L]

NumberCBars

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item applies to a circular rebar configuration, Pattern = 2. It is the
total number of longitudinal reinforcing bars in the column.

NumberR3Bars

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item applies to a rectangular rebar configuration, Pattern = 1. It is the
number of longitudinal bars (including the corner bar) on each face of the
column that is parallel to the local 3-axis of the column.

NumberR2Bars

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item applies to a rectangular rebar configuration, Pattern = 1. It is the
number of longitudinal bars (including the corner bar) on each face of the
column that is parallel to the local 2-axis of the column.

RebarSize

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The rebar name for the longitudinal rebar in the column.

TieSize

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The rebar name for the confinement rebar in the column.

TieSpacingLongit

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The longitudinal spacing of the confinement bars (ties). [L]

Number2DirTieBars

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item applies to a rectangular reinforcing configuration, Pattern = 1. It
is the number of confinement bars (tie legs) running in the local 2-axis
direction of the column.

Number3DirTieBars

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item applies to a rectangular reinforcing configuration, Pattern = 1. It
is the number of confinement bars (tie legs) running in the local 3-axis
direction of the column.

ToBeDesigned

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, the column longitudinal rebar is to be designed;
otherwise it is to be checked.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the rebar data is successfully assigned; otherwise it returns
a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

This function applies only to the following section types. Calling this
function for any other type of frame section property returns an error.

  * [Rectangular](3312d7ab-26be-8f69-cadf-864c0a296605.htm)
  * [Circle](3312d7ab-26be-8f69-cadf-864c0a296605.htm)

The material assigned to the specified frame section property must be concrete
or this function returns an error.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim RebarName As String
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'set new frame section property
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("R1", "4000Psi", 20, 12)
    
       'add ASTM A706 rebar material
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.AddQuick(RebarName, eMatType.Rebar, , , , , eMatTypeRebar.ASTM_A706)
    
       'set column rebar data
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRebarColumn("R1", RebarName, RebarName, 2, 2, 2, 10, 0, 0, "#10", "#5", 4, 0, 0, False)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropFrame Interface](818573fe-2b13-6183-8dc9-0cf3e8e02c7a.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

