

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsModeShape Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the modal displacements (mode shapes) for the specified point elements

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int ModeShape(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] Obj,
    	ref string[] Elm,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] U1,
    	ref double[] U2,
    	ref double[] U3,
    	ref double[] R1,
    	ref double[] R2,
    	ref double[] R3
    )
    
    
    Function ModeShape ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef Obj As String(),
    	ByRef Elm As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef U1 As Double(),
    	ByRef U2 As Double(),
    	ByRef U3 As Double(),
    	ByRef R1 As Double(),
    	ByRef R2 As Double(),
    	ByRef R3 As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim Obj As String()
    Dim Elm As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim U1 As Double()
    Dim U2 As Double()
    Dim U3 As Double()
    Dim R1 As Double()
    Dim R2 As Double()
    Dim R3 As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.ModeShape(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, Obj, 
    	Elm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, 
    	U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3)
    
    
    int ModeShape(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% Obj, 
    	array<String^>^% Elm, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% U1, 
    	array<double>^% U2, 
    	array<double>^% U3, 
    	array<double>^% R1, 
    	array<double>^% R2, 
    	array<double>^% R3
    )
    
    
    abstract ModeShape : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            Obj : string[] byref * 
            Elm : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            U1 : float[] byref * 
            U2 : float[] byref * 
            U3 : float[] byref * 
            R1 : float[] byref * 
            R2 : float[] byref * 
            R3 : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing point object, point element, or group of objects
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item.

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the point element corresponding to the point object
specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the point element specified by the Name item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all point elements directly or indirectly specified in
the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all point elements directly or indirectly selected and
the Name item is ignored.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program.

Obj

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the point object name associated with each
result, if any. Some results will have no point object associated with them.
For those cases, this item will be blank.

Elm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the point element name associated with each
result.

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result.

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result.

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result.

U1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is a one dimensional array that includes the displacement in the point
element local 1-axis direction for each result. [L]

U2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is a one dimensional array that includes the displacement in the point
element local 2-axis direction for each result. [L]

U3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is a one dimensional array that includes the displacement in the point
element local 3-axis direction for each result. [L]

R1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is a one dimensional array that includes the rotation about the point
element local 1-axis for each result. [rad]

R2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is a one dimensional array that includes the rotation about the point
element local 2-axis for each result. [rad]

R3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is a one dimensional array that includes the rotation about the point
element local 3-axis for each result. [rad]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the displacements are successfully recovered, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
    
       'dimension variables
       Dim SapObject as cOAPI
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberResults As Integer
       Dim LoadCase() As String
       Dim StepType() As String
       Dim StepNum() As Double
       Dim U1() As Double
       Dim U2() As Double
       Dim U3() As Double
       Dim R1() As Double
       Dim R2() As Double
       Dim R3() As Double    
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("MODAL")
    
       'get mode shape
           ret = SapModel.Results.ModeShape("ALL", GroupElm, NumberResults, Obj, Elm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

