

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsModalParticipationFactors Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the modal participation factors for each mode of each selected modal
analysis case

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int ModalParticipationFactors(
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] Period,
    	ref double[] UX,
    	ref double[] UY,
    	ref double[] UZ,
    	ref double[] RX,
    	ref double[] RY,
    	ref double[] RZ,
    	ref double[] ModalMass,
    	ref double[] ModalStiff
    )
    
    
    Function ModalParticipationFactors ( 
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef Period As Double(),
    	ByRef UX As Double(),
    	ByRef UY As Double(),
    	ByRef UZ As Double(),
    	ByRef RX As Double(),
    	ByRef RY As Double(),
    	ByRef RZ As Double(),
    	ByRef ModalMass As Double(),
    	ByRef ModalStiff As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim Period As Double()
    Dim UX As Double()
    Dim UY As Double()
    Dim UZ As Double()
    Dim RX As Double()
    Dim RY As Double()
    Dim RZ As Double()
    Dim ModalMass As Double()
    Dim ModalStiff As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.ModalParticipationFactors(NumberResults, 
    	LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, Period, 
    	UX, UY, UZ, RX, RY, RZ, ModalMass, ModalStiff)
    
    
    int ModalParticipationFactors(
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% Period, 
    	array<double>^% UX, 
    	array<double>^% UY, 
    	array<double>^% UZ, 
    	array<double>^% RX, 
    	array<double>^% RY, 
    	array<double>^% RZ, 
    	array<double>^% ModalMass, 
    	array<double>^% ModalStiff
    )
    
    
    abstract ModalParticipationFactors : 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            Period : float[] byref * 
            UX : float[] byref * 
            UY : float[] byref * 
            UZ : float[] byref * 
            RX : float[] byref * 
            RY : float[] byref * 
            RZ : float[] byref * 
            ModalMass : float[] byref * 
            ModalStiff : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the modal load case associated with
each result

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result. For
modal results, this will always be Mode

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number for each result. For modal
results, this is always the mode number

Period

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the period for each result. [s]

UX

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal participation factor for the
structure Ux degree of freedom. The ratio applies to the specified mode. [Fs2]

UY

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal participation factor for the
structure Uy degree of freedom. The ratio applies to the specified mode. [Fs2]

UZ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal participation factor for the
structure Uz degree of freedom. The ratio applies to the specified mode. [Fs2]

RX

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal participation factor for the
structure Rx degree of freedom. The ratio applies to the specified mode.
[FLs2]

RY

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal participation factor for the
structure Ry degree of freedom. The ratio applies to the specified mode.
[FLs2]

RZ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal participation factor for the
structure Rz degree of freedom. The ratio applies to the specified mode.
[FLs2]

ModalMass

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal mass for the specified mode. This is
a measure of the kinetic energy in the structure as it is deforming in the
specified mode. [FLs2]

ModalStiff

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the modal stiffness for the specified mode.
This is a measure of the strain energy in the structure as it is deforming in
the specified mode. [FL]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully recovered; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
    
       'dimension variables
       Dim SapObject as cOAPI
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberResults As Integer
       Dim LoadCase() As String
       Dim StepType() As String
       Dim StepNum() As Double
       Dim Period() As Double
       Dim Ux() As Double
       Dim Uy() As Double
       Dim Uz() As Double
       Dim Rx() As Double
       Dim Ry() As Double
       Dim Rz() As Double
       Dim ModalMass() As Double
       Dim ModalStiff() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("MODAL")
    
       'get modal participation factors
           ret = SapModel.Results.ModalParticipationFactors(NumberResults, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, Period, Ux, Uy, Uz, Rx, Ry, Rz, ModalMass, ModalStiff)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

