

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjGetLoadTemperature Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the temperature load assignments to frame objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetLoadTemperature(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] FrameName,
    	ref string[] LoadPat,
    	ref int[] MyType,
    	ref double[] Val,
    	ref string[] PatternName,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function GetLoadTemperature ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef FrameName As String(),
    	ByRef LoadPat As String(),
    	ByRef MyType As Integer(),
    	ByRef Val As Double(),
    	ByRef PatternName As String(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim FrameName As String()
    Dim LoadPat As String()
    Dim MyType As Integer()
    Dim Val As Double()
    Dim PatternName As String()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetLoadTemperature(Name, 
    	NumberItems, FrameName, LoadPat, 
    	MyType, Val, PatternName, ItemType)
    
    
    int GetLoadTemperature(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% FrameName, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadPat, 
    	array<int>^% MyType, 
    	array<double>^% Val, 
    	array<String^>^% PatternName, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract GetLoadTemperature : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int byref * 
            FrameName : string[] byref * 
            LoadPat : string[] byref * 
            MyType : int[] byref * 
            Val : float[] byref * 
            PatternName : string[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of temperature loads retrieved for the specified frame
objects.

FrameName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the frame object associated with
each temperature load.

LoadPat

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the load pattern associated with
each temperature load.

MyType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes 1, 2 or 3, indicating the type of temperature
load.

  1. Temperature
  2. Temperature gradient along local 2 axis
  3. Temperature gradient along local 3 axis

Val

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the value of the temperature load. [T] when
MyType is 1 and [T/L] when MyType is 2

PatternName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the joint pattern name, if any, used to specify
the temperature load.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for all frame objects in the group specified by the
Name item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignments are retrieved for all selected frame objects and the Name item
is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the load assignments are successfully retrieved, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberItems As Integer
       Dim FrameName() As String
       Dim LoadPat() As String
       Dim MyType() As Integer
       Dim Val() As Double
       Dim PatternName() As String
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'assign frame temperature load
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetLoadTemperature("All", "DEAD", 1, 50, , , eItemType.Group)
    
    'get frame temperature load
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.GetLoadTemperature("ALL", NumberItems, FrameName, LoadPat, MyType, Val, PatternName, eItemType.Group)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

