

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropMaterialGetSSCurve Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the material stress-strain curve.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetSSCurve(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberPoints,
    	ref int[] PointID,
    	ref double[] Strain,
    	ref double[] Stress,
    	string SectName = "",
    	double RebarArea = 0,
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    Function GetSSCurve ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberPoints As Integer,
    	ByRef PointID As Integer(),
    	ByRef Strain As Double(),
    	ByRef Stress As Double(),
    	Optional SectName As String = "",
    	Optional RebarArea As Double = 0,
    	Optional Temp As Double = 0
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropMaterial
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberPoints As Integer
    Dim PointID As Integer()
    Dim Strain As Double()
    Dim Stress As Double()
    Dim SectName As String
    Dim RebarArea As Double
    Dim Temp As Double
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetSSCurve(Name, 
    	NumberPoints, PointID, Strain, Stress, 
    	SectName, RebarArea, Temp)
    
    
    int GetSSCurve(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberPoints, 
    	array<int>^% PointID, 
    	array<double>^% Strain, 
    	array<double>^% Stress, 
    	String^ SectName = L"", 
    	double RebarArea = 0, 
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    abstract GetSSCurve : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberPoints : int byref * 
            PointID : int[] byref * 
            Strain : float[] byref * 
            Stress : float[] byref * 
            ?SectName : string * 
            ?RebarArea : float * 
            ?Temp : float 
    (* Defaults:
            let _SectName = defaultArg SectName ""
            let _RebarArea = defaultArg RebarArea 0
            let _Temp = defaultArg Temp 0
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing material property.

NumberPoints

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of points in the stress-strain curve.

PointID

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is one of the following integers which sets the point ID. The point ID
controls the color that will be displayed for hinges in a deformed shape plot.

Value| Point ID  
---|---  
-5| -E  
-4| -D  
-3| -C  
-2| -B  
-1| -A  
0| None  
1| A  
2| B  
3| C  
4| D  
5| E  
  
Strain

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the strain at each point on the stress strain
curve.

Stress

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the stress at each point on the stress strain
curve. [F/L2]

SectName (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This item applies only if the specified material is concrete with a Mander
concrete type.

This is the frame section property for which the Mander stress-strain curve is
retrieved.

The section must be round or rectangular

RebarArea (Optional)

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is the area of the rebar for which the stress-strain curve is retrieved.

This item applies only if the specified material is rebar, which does not have
a user-defined stress-strain curve and is specified to use Caltrans default
controlling strain values, which are bar size dependent.

Temp (Optional)

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The temperature at which the specified data is to be retrieved. The
temperature must have been defined previously for the material.

This item applies only if the specified material has properties that are
temperature dependent. That is, it applies only if properties are specified
for the material at more than one temperature.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim NumberPoints As Integer
           Dim PointID() As Integer
           Dim Strain() As Double
           Dim Stress() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'get stress strain curve
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.GetSSCurve("A992Fy50", NumberPoints, PointID, Strain, Stress)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropMaterial Interface](9c207615-6f75-9e34-741c-041d0b2ac537.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

