

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropLinkGetMultiLinearPoints Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the force-deformation data for a specified degree of freedom in
multilinear elastic and multilinear plastic link properties.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetMultiLinearPoints(
    	string Name,
    	int DOF,
    	ref int NumberPoints,
    	ref double[] F,
    	ref double[] D,
    	ref int MyType,
    	ref double A1,
    	ref double A2,
    	ref double B1,
    	ref double B2,
    	ref double Eta
    )
    
    
    Function GetMultiLinearPoints ( 
    	Name As String,
    	DOF As Integer,
    	ByRef NumberPoints As Integer,
    	ByRef F As Double(),
    	ByRef D As Double(),
    	ByRef MyType As Integer,
    	ByRef A1 As Double,
    	ByRef A2 As Double,
    	ByRef B1 As Double,
    	ByRef B2 As Double,
    	ByRef Eta As Double
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropLink
    Dim Name As String
    Dim DOF As Integer
    Dim NumberPoints As Integer
    Dim F As Double()
    Dim D As Double()
    Dim MyType As Integer
    Dim A1 As Double
    Dim A2 As Double
    Dim B1 As Double
    Dim B2 As Double
    Dim Eta As Double
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetMultiLinearPoints(Name, 
    	DOF, NumberPoints, F, D, MyType, A1, 
    	A2, B1, B2, Eta)
    
    
    int GetMultiLinearPoints(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int DOF, 
    	int% NumberPoints, 
    	array<double>^% F, 
    	array<double>^% D, 
    	int% MyType, 
    	double% A1, 
    	double% A2, 
    	double% B1, 
    	double% B2, 
    	double% Eta
    )
    
    
    abstract GetMultiLinearPoints : 
            Name : string * 
            DOF : int * 
            NumberPoints : int byref * 
            F : float[] byref * 
            D : float[] byref * 
            MyType : int byref * 
            A1 : float byref * 
            A2 : float byref * 
            B1 : float byref * 
            B2 : float byref * 
            Eta : float byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing multilinear elastic or multilinear plastic link
property.

DOF

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6, indicating the degree of freedom to which the
multilinear points apply.

Value| DOF  
---|---  
1| U1  
2| U2  
3| U3  
4| R1  
5| R2  
6| R3  
  
NumberPoints

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of foce-defomation points for the specified degree of freedom.

F

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array, dimensioned to NumberPoints \- 1, that includes the force at
each point. When DOF is U1, U2 or U3, this is a force. When DOF is R1, R2 or
R3. this is a moment. [F] if DOF is less than or equal to 3, and [FL] if DOF
is greater than 3.

D

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array, dimensioned to NumberPoints \- 1, that includes the
displacement at each point. When DOF is U1, U2 or U3, this is a translation.
When DOF is R1, R2 or R3, this is a rotation. [L] if DOF is less than or equal
to 3, and [rad] if DOF is greater than 3.

MyType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This item applies only to multilinear plastic link properties. It is 1, 2 or
3, indicating the hysteresis type.

MyTpe| Hysteresis Type  
---|---  
1| Kinematic  
2| Takeda  
3| Pivot  
  
A1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to multilinear plastic link properties that have a
pivot hysteresis type (MyType = 3). It is the Alpha1 hysteresis parameter.

A2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to multilinear plastic link properties that have a
pivot hysteresis type (MyType = 3). It is the Alpha2 hysteresis parameter.

B1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to multilinear plastic link properties that have a
pivot hysteresis type (MyType = 3). It is the Beta1 hysteresis parameter.

B2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to multilinear plastic link properties that have a
pivot hysteresis type (MyType = 3). It is the Beta2 hysteresis parameter.

Eta

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to multilinear plastic link properties that have a
pivot hysteresis type (MyType = 3). It is the Eta hysteresis parameter.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully assigned; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

To successfully retrieve this data from the indicated link property, the
following conditions must be met:

  1. The link property must be multilinear elastic or multilinear plastic.
  2. The specified DOF must be active.
  3. The specified DOF must not be fixed.
  4. The specified DOF must be nonlinear.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim MyDOF() As Boolean
           Dim MyFixed() As Boolean
           Dim MyNonLinear() as Boolean
           Dim MyKe() As Double
           Dim MyCe() As Double
           Dim MyF() As Double
           Dim MyD() As Double
           Dim NumberPoints As Integer
           Dim F() As Double
           Dim D() As Double
           Dim MyType As Integer
           Dim a1 As Double
           Dim a2 As Double
           Dim b1 As Double
           Dim b2 As Double
           Dim eta As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'add link property
           ReDim MyDOF(5)
           ReDim MyFixed(5)
           ReDim MyNonLinear(5)
           ReDim MyKe(5)
           ReDim MyCe(5)
    
           MyDOF(0) = True
           MyKe(0) = 12
           MyCe(0) = 0.01
    
           MyDOF(1) = True
           MyNonLinear(1) = True
           MyKe(1) = 12
           MyCe(1) = 0.01
    
           MyDOF(2) = True
           MyFixed(2) = True
    
           ret = SapModel.PropLink.SetMultiLinearPlastic("MLP1", MyDOF, MyFixed, MyNonLinear, MyKe, MyCe, 2, 0)
    
       'set multilinear force-defomation data
           ReDim MyF(4)
           ReDim MyD(4)
    
           MyF(0) = -12
           MyF(1) = -10
           MyF(2) = 0
           MyF(3) = 8
           MyF(4) = 9
    
           MyD(0) = -8
           MyD(1) = -0.6
           MyD(2) = 0
           MyD(3) = 0.2
           MyD(4) = 6
    
           ret = SapModel.PropLink.SetMultiLinearPoints("MLP1", 2, 5, MyF, MyD, 3, 9, 12, 0.75, 0.8, .1)
    
       'get multilinear force-defomation data
           ret = SapModel.PropLink.GetMultiLinearPoints("MLP1", 2, NumberPoints, F, D, MyType, a1, a2, b1, b2, eta)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropLink Interface](a76cf100-6278-6a57-2daf-e0425fef43cb.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

