

CSI API ETABS v1

# Interactive Database  
  
---  
  
Beginning with Version 18, ETABS includes a new set of database tables that
allow significantly better interactive editing capability (similar to other
CSI programs, such as SAP2000 and SAFE). For API users who wish to take
advantage of these interactive tables, a new class has been added,
cDatabaseTables. It is recommended that API users first familiarize themselves
with the new database tables using the ETABS GUI, to understand how data can
be requested, viewed, modified, and applied to the model.

Generally, the API user will start with a call to GetAvailableTables. They can
decide which tables they want to retrieve data from, or edit and apply to the
model. A call to GetAllFieldsInTable will show the user which columns the
table has, and which columns can be edited and imported.

If the user simply wants to retrieve data, they can use one of the
GetTableForDisplay... functions. Functions are provided to set the Load Cases,
Load Combinations, and Load Patterns for which data is desired. The
SetOutputOptionsForDisplay function can be used to set other options for
display.

If the user would like to edit a table and import it into the model, they
should start by calling one of the GetTableForEditing... functions. This will
retrieve the table data in one of several formats. The user can then edit that
data, but they must ensure that the format of the data is not altered. Then
they can import the edited table data with the respective
SetTableForEditing... function. These functions only operate on one table at a
time, but any number of edited tables can be imported by calling them
successively. Finally, to apply the edited tables to the model, the user will
call ApplyEditedTables. If for any reason the user would like to clear the
internal list of edited tables set using the SetTableForEditing... functions,
they can call the CancelTableEditing function.

For thorough descriptions of database table operations, please refer to the
function documentation in cDatabaseTables. For detailed examples of
interactive database editing using the API, please visit the CSI Wiki page at:
<https://wiki.csiamerica.com> and search for "interactive database API".

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

