

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPierLabelGetSectionProperties Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the section properties for a specified pier.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetSectionProperties(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberStories,
    	ref string[] StoryName,
    	ref double[] AxisAngle,
    	ref int[] NumAreaObjs,
    	ref int[] NumLineObjs,
    	ref double[] WidthBot,
    	ref double[] ThicknessBot,
    	ref double[] WidthTop,
    	ref double[] ThicknessTop,
    	ref string[] MatProp,
    	ref double[] CGBotX,
    	ref double[] CGBotY,
    	ref double[] CGBotZ,
    	ref double[] CGTopX,
    	ref double[] CGTopY,
    	ref double[] CGTopZ
    )
    
    
    Function GetSectionProperties ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberStories As Integer,
    	ByRef StoryName As String(),
    	ByRef AxisAngle As Double(),
    	ByRef NumAreaObjs As Integer(),
    	ByRef NumLineObjs As Integer(),
    	ByRef WidthBot As Double(),
    	ByRef ThicknessBot As Double(),
    	ByRef WidthTop As Double(),
    	ByRef ThicknessTop As Double(),
    	ByRef MatProp As String(),
    	ByRef CGBotX As Double(),
    	ByRef CGBotY As Double(),
    	ByRef CGBotZ As Double(),
    	ByRef CGTopX As Double(),
    	ByRef CGTopY As Double(),
    	ByRef CGTopZ As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPierLabel
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberStories As Integer
    Dim StoryName As String()
    Dim AxisAngle As Double()
    Dim NumAreaObjs As Integer()
    Dim NumLineObjs As Integer()
    Dim WidthBot As Double()
    Dim ThicknessBot As Double()
    Dim WidthTop As Double()
    Dim ThicknessTop As Double()
    Dim MatProp As String()
    Dim CGBotX As Double()
    Dim CGBotY As Double()
    Dim CGBotZ As Double()
    Dim CGTopX As Double()
    Dim CGTopY As Double()
    Dim CGTopZ As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetSectionProperties(Name, 
    	NumberStories, StoryName, AxisAngle, 
    	NumAreaObjs, NumLineObjs, WidthBot, 
    	ThicknessBot, WidthTop, ThicknessTop, 
    	MatProp, CGBotX, CGBotY, CGBotZ, CGTopX, 
    	CGTopY, CGTopZ)
    
    
    int GetSectionProperties(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberStories, 
    	array<String^>^% StoryName, 
    	array<double>^% AxisAngle, 
    	array<int>^% NumAreaObjs, 
    	array<int>^% NumLineObjs, 
    	array<double>^% WidthBot, 
    	array<double>^% ThicknessBot, 
    	array<double>^% WidthTop, 
    	array<double>^% ThicknessTop, 
    	array<String^>^% MatProp, 
    	array<double>^% CGBotX, 
    	array<double>^% CGBotY, 
    	array<double>^% CGBotZ, 
    	array<double>^% CGTopX, 
    	array<double>^% CGTopY, 
    	array<double>^% CGTopZ
    )
    
    
    abstract GetSectionProperties : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberStories : int byref * 
            StoryName : string[] byref * 
            AxisAngle : float[] byref * 
            NumAreaObjs : int[] byref * 
            NumLineObjs : int[] byref * 
            WidthBot : float[] byref * 
            ThicknessBot : float[] byref * 
            WidthTop : float[] byref * 
            ThicknessTop : float[] byref * 
            MatProp : string[] byref * 
            CGBotX : float[] byref * 
            CGBotY : float[] byref * 
            CGBotZ : float[] byref * 
            CGTopX : float[] byref * 
            CGTopY : float[] byref * 
            CGTopZ : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing pier.

NumberStories

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of stories that the pier exists on and for which section properties
are provided.

StoryName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the story names at which the pier exists.

AxisAngle

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the pier local axis angle at each story,
defined as the angle between the global x-axis and the pier local 2-axis.

NumAreaObjs

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes the number of area objects in the pier at each
story.

NumLineObjs

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes the number of line objects in the pier at each
story.

WidthBot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the width of the pier at the bottom of each
story.

ThicknessBot

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the thickness of the pier at the bottom of each
story.

WidthTop

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the width of the pier at the top of each story.

ThicknessTop

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the thickness of the pier at the top of each
story.

MatProp

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the pier material property at each
story.

CGBotX

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the x-coordinate of the pier center of gravity
at the bottom of each story.

CGBotY

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the y-coordinate of the pier center of gravity
at the bottom of each story.

CGBotZ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the z-coordinate of the pier center of gravity
at the bottom of each story.

CGTopX

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the x-coordinate of the pier center of gravity
at the top of each story.

CGTopY

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the y-coordinate of the pier center of gravity
at the top of each story.

CGTopZ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the z-coordinate of the pier center of gravity
at the top of each story.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPierLabel Interface](478b791d-9607-9f60-d842-286490005236.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

