

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAreaObjGetLoadWindPressure Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the wind pressure load assignments to area objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetLoadWindPressure(
    	string Name,
    	ref int NumberItems,
    	ref string[] AreaName,
    	ref string[] LoadPat,
    	ref int[] MyType,
    	ref double[] Cp,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function GetLoadWindPressure ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef NumberItems As Integer,
    	ByRef AreaName As String(),
    	ByRef LoadPat As String(),
    	ByRef MyType As Integer(),
    	ByRef Cp As Double(),
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAreaObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberItems As Integer
    Dim AreaName As String()
    Dim LoadPat As String()
    Dim MyType As Integer()
    Dim Cp As Double()
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetLoadWindPressure(Name, 
    	NumberItems, AreaName, LoadPat, MyType, 
    	Cp, ItemType)
    
    
    int GetLoadWindPressure(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int% NumberItems, 
    	array<String^>^% AreaName, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadPat, 
    	array<int>^% MyType, 
    	array<double>^% Cp, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract GetLoadWindPressure : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberItems : int byref * 
            AreaName : string[] byref * 
            LoadPat : string[] byref * 
            MyType : int[] byref * 
            Cp : float[] byref * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing area object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

NumberItems

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of wind pressure loads retrieved for the specified area
objects.

AreaName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the area object associated with
each wind pressure load.

LoadPat

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the load pattern associated with
each wind pressure load.

MyType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is an array that includes either 1 or 2, indicating the wind pressure
type.

  1. Windward, pressure varies over height
  2. Other, pressure is constant over height

Cp

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the wind pressure coefficient value.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for the area object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignments are retrieved for all area objects in the group specified by the
Name item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
assignments are retrieved for is made to all selected area objects, and the
Name item is ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the load assignments are successfully retrieved; it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAreaObj Interface](2cda9b42-232e-6821-8caa-dc87fd84fed0.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

