

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropFrameSetPrecastI Method  
  
---  
  
Initializes a precast concrete I girder frame section property. If this
function is called for an existing frame section property, all items for the
section are reset to their default value.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetPrecastI(
    	string Name,
    	string MatProp,
    	ref double[] b,
    	ref double[] d,
    	int Color = -1,
    	string Notes = "",
    	string GUID = ""
    )
    
    
    Function SetPrecastI ( 
    	Name As String,
    	MatProp As String,
    	ByRef b As Double(),
    	ByRef d As Double(),
    	Optional Color As Integer = -1,
    	Optional Notes As String = "",
    	Optional GUID As String = ""
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropFrame
    Dim Name As String
    Dim MatProp As String
    Dim b As Double()
    Dim d As Double()
    Dim Color As Integer
    Dim Notes As String
    Dim GUID As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetPrecastI(Name, 
    	MatProp, b, d, Color, Notes, GUID)
    
    
    int SetPrecastI(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ MatProp, 
    	array<double>^% b, 
    	array<double>^% d, 
    	int Color = -1, 
    	String^ Notes = L"", 
    	String^ GUID = L""
    )
    
    
    abstract SetPrecastI : 
            Name : string * 
            MatProp : string * 
            b : float[] byref * 
            d : float[] byref * 
            ?Color : int * 
            ?Notes : string * 
            ?GUID : string 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Color = defaultArg Color -1
            let _Notes = defaultArg Notes ""
            let _GUID = defaultArg GUID ""
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing or new frame section property. If this is an existing
property, that property is modified; otherwise, a new property is added.

MatProp

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the material property for the section.

b

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array, dimensioned to 3, containing the horizontal section
dimensions. [L] b(0) = B1 (> 0) b(1) = B2 (> 0) b(2) = B3 (> 0) b(3) = B4 (>=
0) Section dimensions B1 through B4 are defined on the precast concrete I
girder definition form.

d

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array, dimensioned to 5, containing the vertical section
dimensions. [L] d(0) = D1 (> 0) d(1) = D2 (> 0) d(2) = D3 (> 0) d(3) = D4 (>=
0) d(4) = D5 (> 0) d(5) = D6 (>= 0) Section dimensions D1 through D6 are
defined on the precast concrete I girder definition form.

Color (Optional)

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  

Notes (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  

GUID (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The GUID (global unique identifier), if any, assigned to the section. If this
item is input as Default, then the program assigns a GUID to the section.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
returns zero if the section property data is successfully retrieved; otherwise
it returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim FileName As String
       Dim MatProp As String
       Dim bb() As Double
       Dim dd() As Double
       Dim Color As Integer
       Dim Notes As String
       Dim GUID As String
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'set new frame section property
           ReDim bb(3)
           ReDim dd(5)
           bb(0) = 12
           bb(1) = 16
           bb(2) = 6
           bb(3) = 0.5
           dd(0) = 28
           dd(1) = 4
           dd(2) = 1.5
           dd(3) = 1
           dd(4) = 2
           dd(5) = 5
           ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetPrecastI("PC1", "4000Psi", bb, dd)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropFrame Interface](818573fe-2b13-6183-8dc9-0cf3e8e02c7a.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

