

CSI API ETABS v1

# cDesignConcreteSetDesignSection Method  
  
---  
  
Modifies the design section for all specified frame objects that have a
concrete frame design procedure

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetDesignSection(
    	string Name,
    	string PropName,
    	bool LastAnalysis,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetDesignSection ( 
    	Name As String,
    	PropName As String,
    	LastAnalysis As Boolean,
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cDesignConcrete
    Dim Name As String
    Dim PropName As String
    Dim LastAnalysis As Boolean
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetDesignSection(Name, 
    	PropName, LastAnalysis, ItemType)
    
    
    int SetDesignSection(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ PropName, 
    	bool LastAnalysis, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetDesignSection : 
            Name : string * 
            PropName : string * 
            LastAnalysis : bool * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item

PropName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame section property to be used as the design
section for the specified frame objects. This item applies only when
LastAnalysis = False

LastAnalysis

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, the design section for the specified frame objects is
reset to the last analysis section for the frame object. If it is False, the
design section is set to that specified by PropName

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignment is made to all selected frame objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the design section is successfully modified; otherwise it
returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    ret = SapModel.File.NewGridOnly(1, 10, 10, 2, 2, 10, 10)
    
    'create new concrete frame section properties
      ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("R1", "4000Psi", 20, 12)
      ret = SapModel.PropFrame.SetRectangle("R2", "4000Psi", 20, 16)
    
    'create a concrete column
    Dim FrameName1 As String
    ret = SapModel.FrameObj.AddByCoord(0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 10, FrameName1, "R1")
    
    'run analysis
      ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\ETABSAPI\example.edb")
      ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis
    
    'start concrete design
      ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.StartDesign
    
    'get design section
    Dim PropName As String
    ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.GetDesignSection(FrameName1, PropName)
    
    'set design section
      ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.SetDesignSection(FrameName1, "R2", False)
    
    ret = SapModel.DesignConcrete.GetDesignSection(FrameName1, PropName)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cDesignConcrete Interface](692d8043-f8d2-9265-f110-3f37b97ae059.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

