

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsSectionCutAnalysis Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the section cut force for sections cuts that are specified to have an
Analysis (F1, F2, F3, M1, M2, M3) result type

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SectionCutAnalysis(
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] SCut,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] F1,
    	ref double[] F2,
    	ref double[] F3,
    	ref double[] M1,
    	ref double[] M2,
    	ref double[] M3
    )
    
    
    Function SectionCutAnalysis ( 
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef SCut As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef F1 As Double(),
    	ByRef F2 As Double(),
    	ByRef F3 As Double(),
    	ByRef M1 As Double(),
    	ByRef M2 As Double(),
    	ByRef M3 As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim SCut As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim F1 As Double()
    Dim F2 As Double()
    Dim F3 As Double()
    Dim M1 As Double()
    Dim M2 As Double()
    Dim M3 As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SectionCutAnalysis(NumberResults, 
    	SCut, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, 
    	F1, F2, F3, M1, M2, M3)
    
    
    int SectionCutAnalysis(
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% SCut, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% F1, 
    	array<double>^% F2, 
    	array<double>^% F3, 
    	array<double>^% M1, 
    	array<double>^% M2, 
    	array<double>^% M3
    )
    
    
    abstract SectionCutAnalysis : 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            SCut : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            F1 : float[] byref * 
            F2 : float[] byref * 
            F3 : float[] byref * 
            M1 : float[] byref * 
            M2 : float[] byref * 
            M3 : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number total of results returned by the program

SCut

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the section cut associated with
each result

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result.

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result.

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result.

F1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the force in the section cut local 1-axis
directions for each result. [F]

F2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the force in the section cut local 2-axis
directions for each result. [F]

F3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the force in the section cut local 3-axis
directions for each result. [F]

M1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the moment about the section cut local 1-axis
for each result. [FL]

M2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the moment about the section cut local 1-axis
for each result. [FL]

M3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the moment about the section cut local 1-axis
for each result. [FL]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the section cut forces are successfully recovered, otherwise
it returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim NumberResults As Integer
           Dim SCut() As String
           Dim LoadCase() As String
           Dim StepType() As String
           Dim StepNum() As Double
           Dim F1() As Double
           Dim F2() As Double
           Dim F3() As Double
           Dim M1() As Double
           Dim M2() As Double
           Dim M3() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("DEAD")
    
       'get section cut forces with analysis output convention
           ret = SapModel.Results.SectionCutAnalysis(NumberResults, SCut, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, F1, F2, F3, M1, M2, M3)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

