

CSI API ETABS v1

# Release Notes  
  
---  
  
This topic contains the following sections:

  * Current Version
  * Select Notes from Previous Versions
  * See Also

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Current Version

#### **Remote API**

The ETABS API can now be used to start and/or connect to a running instance of
ETABS on a Remote Computer, allowing for models with many load cases to be
analyzed in a parallel, distributed manner. Please refer to the page, [Remote
API](6c85b182-af24-454b-82a8-c13f8787bb67.htm)

#### **ETABSv17 Deprecated**

ETABSv17, ETABS 2016, ETABS 2015 and ETABS 2013 are no longer supported. It is
recommended that all client applications be upgraded to reference the latest
version of ETABSv1.DLL or CSiAPIv1.DLL .

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Select Notes from Previous Versions

#### **ETABSv1.DLL**

Beginning with Version 18 of ETABS, the API library no longer has the program
version as part of its name. So, while the name of the API library for ETABS
version 17 was ETABSv17.DLL , the name of the API library for ETABS version 18
is **ETABSv1.DLL** . The name of the API library will remain ETABSv1.DLL ,
even as new major versions of ETABS are released. A new API function,
cHelper.GetOAPIVersionNumber , has been added. This API version number will
increment as new API functions are added, but the API library name will remain
ETABSv1.DLL .

Once users reference the new ETABSv1.DLL in their client applications, they
will no longer need to update with every major release. The ETABSv1.DLL
reference in their client application will automatically use the latest
edition of ETABSv1.DLL that is registered with each product installation. Even
so, developers should always use cHelper.GetOAPIVersionNumber to check which
version of the API library they are using.

#### **CSiAPIv1.DLL**

Beginning with Version 18 of ETABS, a new API library, **CSiAPIv1.DLL** , has
been introduced. This library is compatible with SAP2000, CSiBridge, and
ETABS. It will be available with all new versions of each product. Developers
can now create API client applications that reference CSiAPIv1.DLL , and
connect to either SAP2000, CSiBridge, or ETABS, without any code changes
required. Similar to the new ETABSv1.DLL , the assembly name CSiAPIv1.DLL will
not change, even as new major versions of SAP2000, CSiBridge, and ETABS are
released. CSiAPIv1.DLL also exposes cHelper.GetOAPIVersionNumber , which
should be used by developers to check which version of the API library they
are using. As the version increases and new functionality is added,
compatibility with previous versions will be preserved, and client
applications will not require recompilation.

The latest version of CSiAPIv1.DLL included with ETABS version 18 is strong-
named, making it incompatible for .NET clients developed with previously
released versions of CSiAPIv1.DLL that were released with SAP2000 or CSiBridge
v21.0.0 - v21.0.2 . .NET clients that reference previous versions of
CSiAPIv1.DLL can be recompiled with the latest assembly included with ETABS
version 18 in order for the client to be compatible with all products.

#### **Interactive Database**

A powerful new feature, the Interactive Database, has been added to the API in
ETABS version 18. This feature allows the API user to retrieve all available
data in the program, including analysis and design results. It also allows the
user to set nearly all model parameters programmatically. Please refer to the
page, [Interactive Database](ae1f88ac-084d-45af-9a36-02d90e74af80.htm)

#### **Attaching to a Running Instance**

API client applications can connect to a manually started instance of ETABS.
Please refer to the page, [Attaching to a Manually Started Instance of
ETABS](3ceb8889-9028-4de3-9c87-69a12055ade7.htm)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Other Resources

[Remote API](6c85b182-af24-454b-82a8-c13f8787bb67.htm)

[Interactive Database](ae1f88ac-084d-45af-9a36-02d90e74af80.htm)

[Attaching to a Manually Started Instance of
ETABS](3ceb8889-9028-4de3-9c87-69a12055ade7.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

