

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjSetTCLimits Method  
  
---  
  
Makes tension/compression force limit assignments to frame objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetTCLimits(
    	string Name,
    	bool LimitCompressionExists,
    	double LimitCompression,
    	bool LimitTensionExists,
    	double LimitTension,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetTCLimits ( 
    	Name As String,
    	LimitCompressionExists As Boolean,
    	LimitCompression As Double,
    	LimitTensionExists As Boolean,
    	LimitTension As Double,
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim LimitCompressionExists As Boolean
    Dim LimitCompression As Double
    Dim LimitTensionExists As Boolean
    Dim LimitTension As Double
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetTCLimits(Name, 
    	LimitCompressionExists, LimitCompression, 
    	LimitTensionExists, LimitTension, 
    	ItemType)
    
    
    int SetTCLimits(
    	String^ Name, 
    	bool LimitCompressionExists, 
    	double LimitCompression, 
    	bool LimitTensionExists, 
    	double LimitTension, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetTCLimits : 
            Name : string * 
            LimitCompressionExists : bool * 
            LimitCompression : float * 
            LimitTensionExists : bool * 
            LimitTension : float * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

LimitCompressionExists

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
This item is True if a compression force limit exists for the frame object.

LimitCompression

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The compression force limit for the frame object. [F]

LimitTensionExists

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
This item is True if a tension force limit exists for the frame object.

LimitTension

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The tension force limit for the frame object. [F]

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignment is made to all selected frame objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the assignments are successfully applied, otherwise it returns
a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

Note that the tension and compression limits are only used in nonlinear
analyses.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
       'assign tension/compression limits
           ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetTCLimits("1", False, 0, True, 100)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

