

CSI API ETABS v1

# cLinkObjAddByCoord Method  
  
---  
  
Adds a new link object whose end points are at the specified coordinates.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AddByCoord(
    	double XI,
    	double YI,
    	double ZI,
    	double XJ,
    	double YJ,
    	double ZJ,
    	ref string Name,
    	bool IsSingleJoint = false,
    	string PropName = "Default",
    	string UserName = "",
    	string CSys = "Global"
    )
    
    
    Function AddByCoord ( 
    	XI As Double,
    	YI As Double,
    	ZI As Double,
    	XJ As Double,
    	YJ As Double,
    	ZJ As Double,
    	ByRef Name As String,
    	Optional IsSingleJoint As Boolean = false,
    	Optional PropName As String = "Default",
    	Optional UserName As String = "",
    	Optional CSys As String = "Global"
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cLinkObj
    Dim XI As Double
    Dim YI As Double
    Dim ZI As Double
    Dim XJ As Double
    Dim YJ As Double
    Dim ZJ As Double
    Dim Name As String
    Dim IsSingleJoint As Boolean
    Dim PropName As String
    Dim UserName As String
    Dim CSys As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AddByCoord(XI, 
    	YI, ZI, XJ, YJ, ZJ, Name, IsSingleJoint, 
    	PropName, UserName, CSys)
    
    
    int AddByCoord(
    	double XI, 
    	double YI, 
    	double ZI, 
    	double XJ, 
    	double YJ, 
    	double ZJ, 
    	String^% Name, 
    	bool IsSingleJoint = false, 
    	String^ PropName = L"Default", 
    	String^ UserName = L"", 
    	String^ CSys = L"Global"
    )
    
    
    abstract AddByCoord : 
            XI : float * 
            YI : float * 
            ZI : float * 
            XJ : float * 
            YJ : float * 
            ZJ : float * 
            Name : string byref * 
            ?IsSingleJoint : bool * 
            ?PropName : string * 
            ?UserName : string * 
            ?CSys : string 
    (* Defaults:
            let _IsSingleJoint = defaultArg IsSingleJoint false
            let _PropName = defaultArg PropName "Default"
            let _UserName = defaultArg UserName ""
            let _CSys = defaultArg CSys "Global"
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

XI

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The X coordinate of the I-End of the added link object in the coordinate
system defined by the CSys item.

YI

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Y coordinate of the I-End of the added link object in the coordinate
system defined by the CSys item.

ZI

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Z coordinate of the I-End of the added link object in the coordinate
system defined by the CSys item.

XJ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The X coordinate of the J-End of the added link object in the coordinate
system defined by the CSys item.

YJ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Y coordinate of the J-End of the added link object in the coordinate
system defined by the CSys item.

ZJ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The Z coordinate of the J-End of the added link object in the coordinate
system defined by the CSys item.

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is the name that the program ultimately assigns for the link object. If
no UserName is specified, the program assigns a default name to the link
object. If a UserName is specified and that name is not used for another link
object, the UserName is assigned to the link object; otherwise a default name
is assigned to the link object.

IsSingleJoint (Optional)

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
This item is True if a one-joint link is added and False if a two-joint link
is added.

PropName (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is either Default or the name of a defined link property.

If it is Default the program assigns a default link property to the link
object. If it is the name of a defined link property, that property is
assigned to the link object

UserName (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  

CSys (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the coordinate system in which the link object end point
coordinates are defined.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the link object is successfully added; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

One-joint links are not supported in ETABS.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim Name1 As String
           Dim Name2 As String
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'add link object by coordinates
           ret = SapModel.LinkObj.AddByCoord(-288, 0, 288, 0, 0, 0, Name1, True)
           ret = SapModel.LinkObj.AddByCoord(-288, 0, 0, 0, 0, 144, Name2)
    
       'refresh view
           ret = SapModel.View.RefreshView
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cLinkObj Interface](de8a4ec7-1e74-f9b5-385e-f8c0db74b8f6.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

