

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsAreaForceShell Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the area forces for the specified area elements that are assigned
shell section properties (not plane or asolid properties). Note that the
forces reported are per unit of in-plane length.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AreaForceShell(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] Obj,
    	ref string[] Elm,
    	ref string[] PointElm,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] F11,
    	ref double[] F22,
    	ref double[] F12,
    	ref double[] FMax,
    	ref double[] FMin,
    	ref double[] FAngle,
    	ref double[] FVM,
    	ref double[] M11,
    	ref double[] M22,
    	ref double[] M12,
    	ref double[] MMax,
    	ref double[] MMin,
    	ref double[] MAngle,
    	ref double[] V13,
    	ref double[] V23,
    	ref double[] VMax,
    	ref double[] VAngle
    )
    
    
    Function AreaForceShell ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef Obj As String(),
    	ByRef Elm As String(),
    	ByRef PointElm As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef F11 As Double(),
    	ByRef F22 As Double(),
    	ByRef F12 As Double(),
    	ByRef FMax As Double(),
    	ByRef FMin As Double(),
    	ByRef FAngle As Double(),
    	ByRef FVM As Double(),
    	ByRef M11 As Double(),
    	ByRef M22 As Double(),
    	ByRef M12 As Double(),
    	ByRef MMax As Double(),
    	ByRef MMin As Double(),
    	ByRef MAngle As Double(),
    	ByRef V13 As Double(),
    	ByRef V23 As Double(),
    	ByRef VMax As Double(),
    	ByRef VAngle As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim Obj As String()
    Dim Elm As String()
    Dim PointElm As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim F11 As Double()
    Dim F22 As Double()
    Dim F12 As Double()
    Dim FMax As Double()
    Dim FMin As Double()
    Dim FAngle As Double()
    Dim FVM As Double()
    Dim M11 As Double()
    Dim M22 As Double()
    Dim M12 As Double()
    Dim MMax As Double()
    Dim MMin As Double()
    Dim MAngle As Double()
    Dim V13 As Double()
    Dim V23 As Double()
    Dim VMax As Double()
    Dim VAngle As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AreaForceShell(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, Obj, 
    	Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, 
    	StepNum, F11, F22, F12, FMax, FMin, 
    	FAngle, FVM, M11, M22, M12, MMax, MMin, 
    	MAngle, V13, V23, VMax, VAngle)
    
    
    int AreaForceShell(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% Obj, 
    	array<String^>^% Elm, 
    	array<String^>^% PointElm, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% F11, 
    	array<double>^% F22, 
    	array<double>^% F12, 
    	array<double>^% FMax, 
    	array<double>^% FMin, 
    	array<double>^% FAngle, 
    	array<double>^% FVM, 
    	array<double>^% M11, 
    	array<double>^% M22, 
    	array<double>^% M12, 
    	array<double>^% MMax, 
    	array<double>^% MMin, 
    	array<double>^% MAngle, 
    	array<double>^% V13, 
    	array<double>^% V23, 
    	array<double>^% VMax, 
    	array<double>^% VAngle
    )
    
    
    abstract AreaForceShell : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            Obj : string[] byref * 
            Elm : string[] byref * 
            PointElm : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            F11 : float[] byref * 
            F22 : float[] byref * 
            F12 : float[] byref * 
            FMax : float[] byref * 
            FMin : float[] byref * 
            FAngle : float[] byref * 
            FVM : float[] byref * 
            M11 : float[] byref * 
            M22 : float[] byref * 
            M12 : float[] byref * 
            MMax : float[] byref * 
            MMin : float[] byref * 
            MAngle : float[] byref * 
            V13 : float[] byref * 
            V23 : float[] byref * 
            VMax : float[] byref * 
            VAngle : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing area object, area element or group of objects,
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area elements corresponding to the area object
specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area element specified by the Name item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area elements corresponding to all area objects
included in the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for area elements corresponding to all selected area objects
and the Name item is ignored.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program

Obj

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the area object name associated with each
result, if any

Elm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the area element name associated with each
result

PointElm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the point element where the results
are reported

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result

F11

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal F11 membrane direct force per length reported in the
area element local coordinate system. [F/L]

F22

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal F22 membrane direct force per length reported in the
area element local coordinate system. [F/L]

F12

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal F12 membrane shear force per length reported in the
area element local coordinate system. [F/L]

FMax

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The maximum principal membrane force per length. [F/L]

FMin

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The minimum principal membrane force per length. [F/L]

FAngle

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The angle measured counter clockwise (when the local 3 axis is pointing toward
you) from the area local 1 axis to the direction of the maximum principal
membrane force. [deg]

FVM

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal Von Mises membrane force per length. [F/L]

M11

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal M11 plate bending moment per length reported in the
area element local coordinate system. This item is only reported for area
elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [FL/L]

M22

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal M22 plate bending moment per length reported in the
area element local coordinate system. This item is only reported for area
elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [FL/L]

M12

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal M12 plate twisting moment per length reported in the
area element local coordinate system. This item is only reported for area
elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [FL/L]

MMax

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The maximum principal plate moment per length. This item is only reported for
area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [FL/L]

MMin

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The minimum principal plate moment per length. This item is only reported for
area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [FL/L]

MAngle

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The angle measured counter clockwise (when the local 3 axis is pointing toward
you) from the area local 1 axis to the direction of the maximum principal
plate moment. This item is only reported for area elements with properties
that allow plate bending behavior. [deg]

V13

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal V13 plate transverse shear force per length reported
in the area element local coordinate system. This item is only reported for
area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [F/L]

V23

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The area element internal V23 plate transverse shear force per length reported
in the area element local coordinate system. This item is only reported for
area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [F/L]

VMax

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The maximum plate transverse shear force. It is equal to the square root of
the sum of the squares of V13 and V23. This item is only reported for area
elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior. [F/L]

VAngle

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The angle measured counter clockwise (when the local 3 axis is pointing toward
you) from the area local 1 axis to the direction of Vmax. This item is only
reported for area elements with properties that allow plate bending behavior.
[deg]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the forces are successfully recovered, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
    
       'dimension variables
       Dim SapObject as cOAPI
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberResults As Integer
       Dim Obj() As String
       Dim Elm() As String
       Dim PointElm() As String
       Dim LoadCase() As String
       Dim StepType() As String
       Dim StepNum() As Double
       Dim F11() As Double
       Dim F22() As Double
       Dim F12() As Double
       Dim FMax() As Double
       Dim FMin() As Double
       Dim FAngle() As Double
       Dim FVM() As Double
       Dim M11() As Double
       Dim M22() As Double
       Dim M12() As Double
       Dim MMax() As Double
       Dim MMin() As Double
       Dim MAngle() As Double
       Dim V13() As Double
       Dim V23() As Double
       Dim VMax() As Double
       Dim VAngle() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("DEAD")
    
       'get area forces for area object "1"
           ret = SapModel.Results.AreaForceShell("1", eItemTypeElm.ObjectElm, NumberResults, Obj, Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, F11, F22, F12, FMax, FMin, FAngle, FVM, M11, M22, M12, MMax, MMin, MAngle, V13, V23, VMax, VAngle)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

