

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropMaterialSetSSCurve Method  
  
---  
  
Sets the material stress-strain curve for materials that are specified to have
user-defined stress-strain curves.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetSSCurve(
    	string Name,
    	int NumberPoints,
    	ref int[] PointID,
    	ref double[] Strain,
    	ref double[] Stress,
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    Function SetSSCurve ( 
    	Name As String,
    	NumberPoints As Integer,
    	ByRef PointID As Integer(),
    	ByRef Strain As Double(),
    	ByRef Stress As Double(),
    	Optional Temp As Double = 0
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropMaterial
    Dim Name As String
    Dim NumberPoints As Integer
    Dim PointID As Integer()
    Dim Strain As Double()
    Dim Stress As Double()
    Dim Temp As Double
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetSSCurve(Name, 
    	NumberPoints, PointID, Strain, Stress, 
    	Temp)
    
    
    int SetSSCurve(
    	String^ Name, 
    	int NumberPoints, 
    	array<int>^% PointID, 
    	array<double>^% Strain, 
    	array<double>^% Stress, 
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    abstract SetSSCurve : 
            Name : string * 
            NumberPoints : int * 
            PointID : int[] byref * 
            Strain : float[] byref * 
            Stress : float[] byref * 
            ?Temp : float 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Temp = defaultArg Temp 0
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing material property.

NumberPoints

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The number of points in the stress-strain curve. This item must be at least 3.

PointID

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is one of the following integers which sets the point ID. The point ID
controls the color that will be displayed for hinges in a deformed shape plot.

Value| Point ID  
---|---  
-5| -E  
-4| -D  
-3| -C  
-2| -B  
-1| -A  
0| None  
1| A  
2| B  
3| C  
4| D  
5| E  
  
The point IDs must be input in numerically increasing order, except that 0
(None) values are allowed anywhere. No duplicate values are allowed excepth
for 0 (None).

Strain

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the strain at each point on the stress strain
curve. The strains must increase monotonically.

Stress

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the stress at each point on the stress strain
curve. [F/L2]

Points that have a negative strain must have a zero or negative stress.
Similarly, points that have a positive strain must have a zero or positive
stress.

There must be one point defined that has zero strain and zero stress.

Temp (Optional)

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The temperature at which the specified data applies. The temperature must have
been defined previously for the material.

This item applies only if the specified material has properties that are
temperature dependent. That is, it applies only if properties are specified
for the material at more than one temperature.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully assigned; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim PointID() As Integer
           Dim Strain() As Double
           Dim Stress() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'initialize new material property
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetMaterial("Steel", eMatType.Steel)
    
       'assign other properties
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetOSteel("Steel", 55, 68, 60, 70, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0)
    
       'assign user SS curve
           ReDim PointID(4)
           ReDim Strain(4)
           ReDim Stress(4)
           Strain(0) = -0.003:  Stress(0) = -50:  PointID(0) = -3
           Strain(1) = -0.001:  Stress(1) = -25:  PointID(1) = 0
           Strain(2) = 0:       Stress(2) = -0:   PointID(2) = 1
           Strain(3) = 0.003:   Stress(3) = 40:   PointID(3) = 0
           Strain(4) = 0.008:   Stress(4) = 80:   PointID(4) = 5
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetSSCurve("Steel", 5, PointID, Strain, Stress)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropMaterial Interface](9c207615-6f75-9e34-741c-041d0b2ac537.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

