

CSI API ETABS v1

# cComboSetCaseList_1 Method  
  
---  
  
Adds or modifies one load case or response combination in the list of cases
included in the load combination specified by the Name item.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetCaseList_1(
    	string Name,
    	ref eCNameType CNameType,
    	string CName,
    	int ModeNumber,
    	double SF
    )
    
    
    Function SetCaseList_1 ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef CNameType As eCNameType,
    	CName As String,
    	ModeNumber As Integer,
    	SF As Double
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cCombo
    Dim Name As String
    Dim CNameType As eCNameType
    Dim CName As String
    Dim ModeNumber As Integer
    Dim SF As Double
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetCaseList_1(Name, 
    	CNameType, CName, ModeNumber, SF)
    
    
    int SetCaseList_1(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eCNameType% CNameType, 
    	String^ CName, 
    	int ModeNumber, 
    	double SF
    )
    
    
    abstract SetCaseList_1 : 
            Name : string * 
            CNameType : eCNameType byref * 
            CName : string * 
            ModeNumber : int * 
            SF : float -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing load combination.

CNameType

    Type: [ETABSv1eCNameType](eb468815-c96f-788d-c8c9-74b96facbd3d.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eCNameType](eb468815-c96f-788d-c8c9-74b96facbd3d.htm) enumeration:

  * LoadCase = 0
  * LoadCombo = 1

This item indicates whether the CName item is an analysis case (LoadCase) or a
load combination (LoadCombo).

CName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the load case or load combination to be added to or modified in
the combination specified by the Name item. If the load case or combination
already exists in the combination specified by the Name item, the scale factor
is modified as indicated by the SF item for that load case or combination. If
the analysis case or combination does not exist in the combination specified
by the Name item, it is added.

ModeNumber

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The mode number for the case indicated by the CName item. This item applies
when by the CNameType item is LoadCase and the type of load case specified by
the CName item is either Modal or Buckling. Any other case type or combo
should specify a zero for this item.

SF

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The scale factor multiplying the case or combination indicated by the CName
item.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the item is successfully added or modified, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

This function supercedes [SetCaseList(String, eCNameType, String,
Double)](1e0b79da-c352-43f5-11aa-570a850ea0c0.htm)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'add combo
           ret = SapModel.RespCombo.Add("COMB1", 0)
    
       'add load case to combo
           ret = SapModel.RespCombo.SetCaseList("COMB1", eCNameType.LoadCase, "DEAD", 0, 1.4)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cCombo Interface](8c1d1b19-f7ba-858c-25b3-5986a0d9cbb8.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

