

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsAreaJointForceShell Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the area joint forces for the point elements at each corner of the
specified area elements that have shell-type properties

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AreaJointForceShell(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] Obj,
    	ref string[] Elm,
    	ref string[] PointElm,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] F1,
    	ref double[] F2,
    	ref double[] F3,
    	ref double[] M1,
    	ref double[] M2,
    	ref double[] M3
    )
    
    
    Function AreaJointForceShell ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef Obj As String(),
    	ByRef Elm As String(),
    	ByRef PointElm As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef F1 As Double(),
    	ByRef F2 As Double(),
    	ByRef F3 As Double(),
    	ByRef M1 As Double(),
    	ByRef M2 As Double(),
    	ByRef M3 As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim Obj As String()
    Dim Elm As String()
    Dim PointElm As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim F1 As Double()
    Dim F2 As Double()
    Dim F3 As Double()
    Dim M1 As Double()
    Dim M2 As Double()
    Dim M3 As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AreaJointForceShell(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, Obj, 
    	Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, 
    	StepNum, F1, F2, F3, M1, M2, M3)
    
    
    int AreaJointForceShell(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% Obj, 
    	array<String^>^% Elm, 
    	array<String^>^% PointElm, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% F1, 
    	array<double>^% F2, 
    	array<double>^% F3, 
    	array<double>^% M1, 
    	array<double>^% M2, 
    	array<double>^% M3
    )
    
    
    abstract AreaJointForceShell : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            Obj : string[] byref * 
            Elm : string[] byref * 
            PointElm : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            F1 : float[] byref * 
            F2 : float[] byref * 
            F3 : float[] byref * 
            M1 : float[] byref * 
            M2 : float[] byref * 
            M3 : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing area object, area element or group of objects,
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area elements corresponding to the area object
specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area element specified by the Name item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the area elements corresponding to all area objects
included in the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for area elements corresponding to all selected area objects
and the Name item is ignored.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program

Obj

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the area object name associated with each
result, if any

Elm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the area element name associated with each
result

PointElm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the point element where the results
are reported

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result

F1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that contains the joint force component in the point element
local 1 axis direction. [F].

F2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that contains the joint force component in the point element
local 2 axis direction. [F].

F3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that contains the joint force component in the point element
local 3 axis direction. [F].

M1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that contains the joint moment component about the point
element local 1 axis direction. [FL].

M2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that contains the joint moment component about the point
element local 2 axis direction. [FL].

M3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that contains the joint moment component about the point
element local 3 axis direction. [FL].

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the forces are successfully recovered, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
    
       'dimension variables
       Dim SapObject as cOAPI
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
       Dim NumberResults As Integer
       Dim Obj() As String
       Dim Elm() As String
       Dim PointElm() As String
       Dim LoadCase() As String
       Dim StepType() As String
       Dim StepNum() As Double
       Dim F1() As Double
       Dim F2() As Double
       Dim F3() As Double
       Dim M1() As Double
       Dim M2() As Double
       Dim M3() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("DEAD")
    
       'get area joint forces for area object "1"
           ret = SapModel.Results.AreaJointForceShell("1", eItemTypeElm.ObjectElm, NumberResults, Obj, Elm, PointElm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, F1, F2, F3, M1, M2, M3)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

