

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPointObjSetLoadForce Method  
  
---  
  
Makes point force load assignments to point objects.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetLoadForce(
    	string Name,
    	string LoadPat,
    	ref double[] Value,
    	bool Replace = false,
    	string CSys = "Global",
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetLoadForce ( 
    	Name As String,
    	LoadPat As String,
    	ByRef Value As Double(),
    	Optional Replace As Boolean = false,
    	Optional CSys As String = "Global",
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPointObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim LoadPat As String
    Dim Value As Double()
    Dim Replace As Boolean
    Dim CSys As String
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetLoadForce(Name, 
    	LoadPat, Value, Replace, CSys, ItemType)
    
    
    int SetLoadForce(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ LoadPat, 
    	array<double>^% Value, 
    	bool Replace = false, 
    	String^ CSys = L"Global", 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetLoadForce : 
            Name : string * 
            LoadPat : string * 
            Value : float[] byref * 
            ?Replace : bool * 
            ?CSys : string * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Replace = defaultArg Replace false
            let _CSys = defaultArg CSys "Global"
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing point object or group depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

LoadPat

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the load pattern for the point force load.

Value

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array of six point load values.

  * Value(0) = F1 [F]
  * Value(1) = F2 [F]
  * Value(2) = F3 [F]
  * Value(3) = M1 [FL]
  * Value(4) = M2 [FL]
  * Value(5) = M3 [FL]

Replace (Optional)

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, all previous point force loads, if any, assigned to the
specified point object(s) in the specified load pattern are deleted before
making the new assignment.

CSys (Optional)

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of the coordinate system for the considered point force load. This is
Local or the name of a defined coordinate system.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the load
assignment is made to the point object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the load
assignment is made to all point objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the load assignment is made to all selected point objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the load assignments are successfully made, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim Value as Double()
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
       'add point load
           Redim Value(5)
           Value(0) = 10
           ret = SapModel.PointObj.SetLoadForce("2", "DEAD", Value)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPointObj Interface](07661691-ffa8-f77b-7580-1973c7be1978.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

