

CSI API ETABS v1

# cFrameObjSetEndLengthOffset Method  
  
---  
  
Assigns frame object end offsets along the 1-axis of the object.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int SetEndLengthOffset(
    	string Name,
    	bool AutoOffset,
    	double Length1,
    	double Length2,
    	double RZ,
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType.Objects
    )
    
    
    Function SetEndLengthOffset ( 
    	Name As String,
    	AutoOffset As Boolean,
    	Length1 As Double,
    	Length2 As Double,
    	RZ As Double,
    	Optional ItemType As eItemType = eItemType.Objects
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cFrameObj
    Dim Name As String
    Dim AutoOffset As Boolean
    Dim Length1 As Double
    Dim Length2 As Double
    Dim RZ As Double
    Dim ItemType As eItemType
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.SetEndLengthOffset(Name, 
    	AutoOffset, Length1, Length2, RZ, 
    	ItemType)
    
    
    int SetEndLengthOffset(
    	String^ Name, 
    	bool AutoOffset, 
    	double Length1, 
    	double Length2, 
    	double RZ, 
    	eItemType ItemType = eItemType::Objects
    )
    
    
    abstract SetEndLengthOffset : 
            Name : string * 
            AutoOffset : bool * 
            Length1 : float * 
            Length2 : float * 
            RZ : float * 
            ?ItemType : eItemType 
    (* Defaults:
            let _ItemType = defaultArg ItemType eItemType.Objects
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame object or group, depending on the value of the
ItemType item.

AutoOffset

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
If this item is True, the end length offsets are automatically determined by
the program from object connectivity, and the Length1, Length2 and RZ items
are ignored.

Length1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The offset length along the 1-axis of the frame object at the I-End of the
frame object. [L]

Length2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The offset length along the 1-axis of the frame object at the J-End of the
frame object. [L]

RZ

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The rigid zone factor. This is the fraction of the end offset length assumed
to be rigid for bending and shear deformations.

ItemType (Optional)

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemType](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm) enumeration:

  * Object = 0
  * Group = 1
  * SelectedObjects = 2

If this item is [Objects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to the frame object specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Group](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm), the
assignment is made to all frame objects in the group specified by the Name
item.

If this item is [SelectedObjects](b6597895-3f27-39aa-33a5-31da1d7662a0.htm),
the assignment is made to all selected frame objects and the Name item is
ignored.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the offsets are successfully assigned, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
       Dim SapModel As cSapModel
       Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
       Dim ret As Integer = -1
    
    'create ETABS object
       Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
       EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
    'start ETABS application
      ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
    'create SapModel object
       SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
    'initialize model
       ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
    'create steel deck template model
       ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4, 12, 12, 4, 4, 24, 24)
    
    'assign offsets
       ret = SapModel.FrameObj.SetEndLengthOffset("15", False, 12, 12, 0.5)
    
    'close ETABS
       EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
    'clean up variables
       SapModel = Nothing
       EtabsObject = Nothing
    
    End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cFrameObj Interface](d5342667-2977-9fdc-9769-e4e2becc0803.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

