

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropMaterialGetOSteel_1 Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves the other material property data for steel materials.

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetOSteel_1(
    	string Name,
    	ref double Fy,
    	ref double Fu,
    	ref double EFy,
    	ref double EFu,
    	ref int SSType,
    	ref int SSHysType,
    	ref double StrainAtHardening,
    	ref double StrainAtMaxStress,
    	ref double StrainAtRupture,
    	ref double FinalSlope,
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    Function GetOSteel_1 ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ByRef Fy As Double,
    	ByRef Fu As Double,
    	ByRef EFy As Double,
    	ByRef EFu As Double,
    	ByRef SSType As Integer,
    	ByRef SSHysType As Integer,
    	ByRef StrainAtHardening As Double,
    	ByRef StrainAtMaxStress As Double,
    	ByRef StrainAtRupture As Double,
    	ByRef FinalSlope As Double,
    	Optional Temp As Double = 0
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropMaterial
    Dim Name As String
    Dim Fy As Double
    Dim Fu As Double
    Dim EFy As Double
    Dim EFu As Double
    Dim SSType As Integer
    Dim SSHysType As Integer
    Dim StrainAtHardening As Double
    Dim StrainAtMaxStress As Double
    Dim StrainAtRupture As Double
    Dim FinalSlope As Double
    Dim Temp As Double
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetOSteel_1(Name, 
    	Fy, Fu, EFy, EFu, SSType, SSHysType, 
    	StrainAtHardening, StrainAtMaxStress, 
    	StrainAtRupture, FinalSlope, Temp)
    
    
    int GetOSteel_1(
    	String^ Name, 
    	double% Fy, 
    	double% Fu, 
    	double% EFy, 
    	double% EFu, 
    	int% SSType, 
    	int% SSHysType, 
    	double% StrainAtHardening, 
    	double% StrainAtMaxStress, 
    	double% StrainAtRupture, 
    	double% FinalSlope, 
    	double Temp = 0
    )
    
    
    abstract GetOSteel_1 : 
            Name : string * 
            Fy : float byref * 
            Fu : float byref * 
            EFy : float byref * 
            EFu : float byref * 
            SSType : int byref * 
            SSHysType : int byref * 
            StrainAtHardening : float byref * 
            StrainAtMaxStress : float byref * 
            StrainAtRupture : float byref * 
            FinalSlope : float byref * 
            ?Temp : float 
    (* Defaults:
            let _Temp = defaultArg Temp 0
    *)
    -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing steel material property.

Fy

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

Fu

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The minimum tensile stress. [F/L2]

EFy

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

EFu

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  

SSType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is 0 or 1, indicating the stress-strain curve type.

Value| SSType  
---|---  
0| User defined  
1| Parametric - Simple  
  
SSHysType

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
This is 0 through 7, indicating the stress-strain curve type.

Value| SSHysType  
---|---  
0| Elastic  
1| Kinematic  
2| Takeda  
3| Pivot  
4| Concrete  
5| BRB Hardening  
6| Degrading  
7| Isotropic  
  
StrainAtHardening

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only when parametric stress-strain curves are used. It is
the strain at the onset of strain hardening.

StrainAtMaxStress

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only when parametric stress-strain curves are used. It is
the strain at the maximum stress. This item must be larger than the
StrainAtHardening item.

StrainAtRupture

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only when parametric stress-strain curves are used. It is
the strain at rupture. This item must be larger than the StrainAtMaxStress
item.

FinalSlope

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This item applies only to parametric stress-strain curves. It is a multiplier
on the material modulus of elasticity, E. This value multiplied times E gives
the final slope of the curve.

Temp (Optional)

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The temperature at which the specified data is to be retrieved. The
temperature must have been defined previously for the material.

This item applies only if the specified material has properties that are
temperature dependent. That is, it applies only if properties are specified
for the material at more than one temperature.

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it returns a
nonzero value.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim Fy As Double
           Dim Fu As Double
           Dim eFy As Double
           Dim eFu As Double
           Dim SSType As Integer
           Dim SSHysType As Integer
           Dim StrainAtHardening As Double
           Dim StrainAtMaxStress As Double
           Dim StrainAtRupture As Double
           Dim FinalSlope As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'initialize new material property
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetMaterial("Steel", eMatType.Steel)
    
       'assign other properties
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.SetOSteel_1("Steel", 55, 68, 60, 70, 1, 2, 0.02, 0.1, 0.2, -0.1)
    
       'get other properties
           ret = SapModel.PropMaterial.GetOSteel_1("Steel", Fy, Fu, eFy, eFu, SSType, SSHysType, StrainAtHardening, StrainAtMaxStress, StrainAtRupture, FinalSlope)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropMaterial Interface](9c207615-6f75-9e34-741c-041d0b2ac537.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

