

CSI API ETABS v1

# cPropFrameSDShapeGetReinfLine Method  
  
---  
  
Retrieves property data for a line reinforcing shape in a section designer
section

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int GetReinfLine(
    	string Name,
    	string ShapeName,
    	ref double X1,
    	ref double Y1,
    	ref double X2,
    	ref double Y2,
    	ref double Spacing,
    	ref string RebarSize,
    	ref bool EndBars,
    	ref string MatRebar
    )
    
    
    Function GetReinfLine ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ShapeName As String,
    	ByRef X1 As Double,
    	ByRef Y1 As Double,
    	ByRef X2 As Double,
    	ByRef Y2 As Double,
    	ByRef Spacing As Double,
    	ByRef RebarSize As String,
    	ByRef EndBars As Boolean,
    	ByRef MatRebar As String
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cPropFrameSDShape
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ShapeName As String
    Dim X1 As Double
    Dim Y1 As Double
    Dim X2 As Double
    Dim Y2 As Double
    Dim Spacing As Double
    Dim RebarSize As String
    Dim EndBars As Boolean
    Dim MatRebar As String
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.GetReinfLine(Name, 
    	ShapeName, X1, Y1, X2, Y2, Spacing, 
    	RebarSize, EndBars, MatRebar)
    
    
    int GetReinfLine(
    	String^ Name, 
    	String^ ShapeName, 
    	double% X1, 
    	double% Y1, 
    	double% X2, 
    	double% Y2, 
    	double% Spacing, 
    	String^% RebarSize, 
    	bool% EndBars, 
    	String^% MatRebar
    )
    
    
    abstract GetReinfLine : 
            Name : string * 
            ShapeName : string * 
            X1 : float byref * 
            Y1 : float byref * 
            X2 : float byref * 
            Y2 : float byref * 
            Spacing : float byref * 
            RebarSize : string byref * 
            EndBars : bool byref * 
            MatRebar : string byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing frame section property that is a section designer
section

ShapeName

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of a line reinforcing shape in the section designer section

X1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The section designer X coordinate of the first drawn end point of the line
reinforcing. [L]

Y1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The section designer Y coordinate of the first drawn end point of the line
reinforcing. [L]

X2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The section designer X coordinate of the second drawn end point of the line
reinforcing. [L]

Y2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The section designer Y coordinate of the second drawn end point of the line
reinforcing. [L]

Spacing

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
The center-to-center spacing of the bars in the line pattern shape. [L]

RebarSize

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The size of the reinforcing bars used in the line reinforcing shape

EndBars

    Type: [SystemBoolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.boolean)  
This item is True when there are bars at the end points of the line
reinforcing

MatRebar

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The material property for the reinforcing steel

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the property data is successfully retrieved; otherwise it
returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cPropFrameSDShape Interface](a50f9a5e-4c7d-07d5-4326-58be7b557651.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

