

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsLinkDeformation Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the link internal deformations

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int LinkDeformation(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] Obj,
    	ref string[] Elm,
    	ref string[] LoadCase,
    	ref string[] StepType,
    	ref double[] StepNum,
    	ref double[] U1,
    	ref double[] U2,
    	ref double[] U3,
    	ref double[] R1,
    	ref double[] R2,
    	ref double[] R3
    )
    
    
    Function LinkDeformation ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef Obj As String(),
    	ByRef Elm As String(),
    	ByRef LoadCase As String(),
    	ByRef StepType As String(),
    	ByRef StepNum As Double(),
    	ByRef U1 As Double(),
    	ByRef U2 As Double(),
    	ByRef U3 As Double(),
    	ByRef R1 As Double(),
    	ByRef R2 As Double(),
    	ByRef R3 As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim Obj As String()
    Dim Elm As String()
    Dim LoadCase As String()
    Dim StepType As String()
    Dim StepNum As Double()
    Dim U1 As Double()
    Dim U2 As Double()
    Dim U3 As Double()
    Dim R1 As Double()
    Dim R2 As Double()
    Dim R3 As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.LinkDeformation(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, Obj, 
    	Elm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, 
    	U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3)
    
    
    int LinkDeformation(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% Obj, 
    	array<String^>^% Elm, 
    	array<String^>^% LoadCase, 
    	array<String^>^% StepType, 
    	array<double>^% StepNum, 
    	array<double>^% U1, 
    	array<double>^% U2, 
    	array<double>^% U3, 
    	array<double>^% R1, 
    	array<double>^% R2, 
    	array<double>^% R3
    )
    
    
    abstract LinkDeformation : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            Obj : string[] byref * 
            Elm : string[] byref * 
            LoadCase : string[] byref * 
            StepType : string[] byref * 
            StepNum : float[] byref * 
            U1 : float[] byref * 
            U2 : float[] byref * 
            U3 : float[] byref * 
            R1 : float[] byref * 
            R2 : float[] byref * 
            R3 : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing link object, link element, or group of objects
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item.

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the link element corresponding to the point object
specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the link element specified by the Name item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all link elements directly or indirectly specified in
the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all link elements directly or indirectly selected and
the Name item is ignored.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program.

Obj

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the link object name associated with each
result, if any.

Elm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the link element name associated with each
result.

LoadCase

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the name of the analysis case or load
combination associated with each result.

StepType

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the step type, if any, for each result.

StepNum

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the step number, if any, for each result.

U1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the internal translational deformation of the
link in the link element local 1-axis direction [L]

U2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the internal translational deformation of the
link in the link element local 2-axis direction [L]

U3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the internal translational deformation of the
link in the link element local 3-axis direction [L]

R1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the internal rotational deformation of the link
about the link element local 1-axis direction [L]

R2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the internal rotational deformation of the link
about the link element local 2-axis direction [L]

R3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This is an array that includes the internal rotational deformation of the link
about the link element local 3-axis direction [L]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the deformations are successfully recovered, otherwise it
returns a nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim LinkObjName As String
           Dim NumberResults As Integer
           Dim Obj() As String
           Dim Elm() As String
           Dim LoadCase() As String
           Dim StepType() As String
           Dim StepNum() As Double
           Dim U1() As Double
           Dim U2() As Double
           Dim U3() As Double
           Dim R1() As Double
           Dim R2() As Double
           Dim R3() As Double
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'add link object by points
           ret = SapModel.LinkObj.AddByPoint("1", "2", LinkObjName)
    
       'set link property
           ret = SapModel.LinkObj.SetProperty(LinkObjName, "Link1")
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'deselect all cases and combos
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.DeselectAllCasesAndCombosForOutput()
    
       'set case selected for output
           ret = SapModel.Results.Setup.SetCaseSelectedForOutput("DEAD")
    
       'get link deformations for link object
           ret = SapModel.Results.LinkDeformation(LinkObjName, eItemTypeElm.ObjectElm, NumberResults, Obj, Elm, LoadCase, StepType, StepNum, U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3)
    
       'check
           If NumberResults > 0 Then ret = 0 Else ret = -1
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

