

CSI API ETABS v1

# cAnalysisResultsAssembledJointMass Method  
  
---  
  
Reports the assembled joint masses for the specified point elements

**Namespace:** [ETABSv1](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)  
**Assembly:** ETABSv1 (in ETABSv1.dll) Version: 1.0.0.0 (1.27.0.0)

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Syntax

C#

VB

C++

F#

Copy

    
    
    int AssembledJointMass(
    	string Name,
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm,
    	ref int NumberResults,
    	ref string[] PointElm,
    	ref double[] U1,
    	ref double[] U2,
    	ref double[] U3,
    	ref double[] R1,
    	ref double[] R2,
    	ref double[] R3
    )
    
    
    Function AssembledJointMass ( 
    	Name As String,
    	ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm,
    	ByRef NumberResults As Integer,
    	ByRef PointElm As String(),
    	ByRef U1 As Double(),
    	ByRef U2 As Double(),
    	ByRef U3 As Double(),
    	ByRef R1 As Double(),
    	ByRef R2 As Double(),
    	ByRef R3 As Double()
    ) As Integer
    
    Dim instance As cAnalysisResults
    Dim Name As String
    Dim ItemTypeElm As eItemTypeElm
    Dim NumberResults As Integer
    Dim PointElm As String()
    Dim U1 As Double()
    Dim U2 As Double()
    Dim U3 As Double()
    Dim R1 As Double()
    Dim R2 As Double()
    Dim R3 As Double()
    Dim returnValue As Integer
    
    returnValue = instance.AssembledJointMass(Name, 
    	ItemTypeElm, NumberResults, PointElm, 
    	U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3)
    
    
    int AssembledJointMass(
    	String^ Name, 
    	eItemTypeElm ItemTypeElm, 
    	int% NumberResults, 
    	array<String^>^% PointElm, 
    	array<double>^% U1, 
    	array<double>^% U2, 
    	array<double>^% U3, 
    	array<double>^% R1, 
    	array<double>^% R2, 
    	array<double>^% R3
    )
    
    
    abstract AssembledJointMass : 
            Name : string * 
            ItemTypeElm : eItemTypeElm * 
            NumberResults : int byref * 
            PointElm : string[] byref * 
            U1 : float[] byref * 
            U2 : float[] byref * 
            U3 : float[] byref * 
            R1 : float[] byref * 
            R2 : float[] byref * 
            R3 : float[] byref -> int 
    

#### Parameters

Name

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
The name of an existing point object, point element, or group of objects
depending on the value of the ItemTypeElm item.

ItemTypeElm

    Type: [ETABSv1eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm)  
This is one of the following items in the
[eItemTypeElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm) enumeration.

If this item is [ObjectElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the point element corresponding to the point object
specified by the Name item.

If this item is [Element](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for the point element specified by the Name item.

If this item is [GroupElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all point elements directly or indirectly specified in
the group specified by the Name item.

If this item is [SelectionElm](ff3650d4-84a5-c9b2-5803-d202e1a9a254.htm), the
result request is for all point elements directly or indirectly selected and
the Name item is ignored.

NumberResults

    Type: [SystemInt32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
The total number of results returned by the program.

PointElm

    Type: [SystemString](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.string)  
This is an array that includes the point element name associated with each
result

U1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array contains the translational mass in the point element local 1
direction for each result. [M]

U2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array contains the translational mass in the point element local 2
direction for each result. [M]

U3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array contains the translational mass in the point element local 3
direction for each result. [M]

R1

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array contains the rotational mass moment of inertia about the point
element local 1 axis for each result. [ML2]

R2

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array contains the rotational mass moment of inertia about the point
element local 2 axis for each result. [ML2]

R3

    Type: [SystemDouble](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.double)  
This array contains the rotational mass moment of inertia about the point
element local 3 axis for each result. [ML2]

#### Return Value

Type: [Int32](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.int32)  
Returns zero if the masses are successfully recovered, otherwise it returns a
nonzero value

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Remarks

See [Results](0c2bc8bd-2382-75be-9075-b0a8245283c3.htm) for more information.

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)Examples

VB

Copy

    
    
    Public Sub Example()
           Dim SapModel As cSapModel
           Dim EtabsObject As cOAPI
           Dim ret As Integer = -1
           Dim NumberResults As Integer
           Dim Obj() As String
           Dim Elm() As String
           Dim PointElm() As String
           Dim U1() As Double
           Dim U2() As Double
           Dim U3() As Double
           Dim R1() As Double
           Dim R2() As Double
           Dim R3() As Double    
    
       'create ETABS object
           Dim myHelper as cHelper = New Helper
           EtabsObject = myHelper.CreateObjectProgID("CSI.ETABS.API.ETABSObject")
    
       'start ETABS application
           ret = EtabsObject.ApplicationStart()
    
       'create SapModel object
           SapModel = EtabsObject.SapModel
    
       'initialize model
           ret = SapModel.InitializeNewModel()
    
       'create steel deck template model
           ret = SapModel.File.NewSteelDeck(4,12,12,4,4,24,24)
    
       'run analysis
           System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectory("c:\CSI_API_temp")
           ret = SapModel.File.Save("C:\CSI_API_temp\example.edb")
           ret = SapModel.Analyze.RunAnalysis()
    
       'get assembled joint mass for all point elements
           ret = SapModel.Results.AssembledJointMass("ALL", eItemTypeElm.GroupElm, NumberResults, PointElm, U1, U2, U3, R1, R2, R3)
    
       'close ETABS
           EtabsObject.ApplicationExit(False)
    
       'clean up variables
           SapModel = Nothing
           EtabsObject = Nothing
       End Sub

![](../icons/SectionExpanded.png)See Also

#### Reference

[cAnalysisResults Interface](b64f2f6e-9759-e542-faf2-0905474a04a7.htm)

[ETABSv1 Namespace](2780f1b8-2033-5289-2298-1cdb2a7508d9.htm)

ETABS®, SAFE®, SAP2000® and CSiBridge® are registered trademarks of Computers
and Structures, Inc.  

[Copyright © Computers and Structures, Inc. 2023. All rights
reserved.](http://www.csiamerica.com)

Send comments on this topic to
[support@csiamerica.com](mailto:support%40csiamerica.com?Subject=CSI%20API%20ETABS%20v1)

